Audience_Strategies.mp4


We'll just let some people join, but um, while we do um, when you're launching your star offer so hopefully you've started to plan out your launch a bit yeah. So let me know when, when you're planning on launching if you have a date

welcome Jarrah hi so in the chat yeah. Just let me know what you're launching when you're launching August September cool that'll give you lots of warm-up time. Christina

SEO blogging course in September amazing so you'll be um warming up all summer long July for sure that's great, Jera I feel like courses I know people say like summer is not a great time to launch but in my experience I've always had my Biggest launches in summer, I feel like people maybe are like a bit slower, maybe take a little bit more time off to actually like learn and put into their own brands. So if you have a course or something, I think it can be or even like a service, I think it can actually be a really good time to launch amazing that make me feel so much better, thank you! Well, it's the epitome of 'launch your own way' -some summers can work. I love it; it totally can, yeah.

My biggest launches are always in the summer; I don't know, I think people are just like in vacation mode and learning mode, yeah. Summer school, you know, the week starting July first, cool, so summer. Coming up super soon: Summer, more late summer, early spring, or early fall, if you're in the U.S. s early spring if you're in australia the months just like the time zones really get me or the seasons rather cool okay great i am going to dig in today we are going really deep on audience strategies so it'll be hopefully just giving you that extra um um yeah strategic thinking around around like how you're actually growing your audience building your

audience warming up your audience around your launch so yep today audience strategies the final day but there's lots more coming in the launch pad as you know i've announced a lot of things happening in may i'm going to be publishing some supplementary content as well over the next couple of weeks um just to like help you guys learn even more deeply um so exciting okay um again we're about to blast off so you can share that you're here the final day um far and wide and i can share on my socials we're working through the launcher runway framework and today we're really working on that final piece of the framework making it obvious amplifying our invitations everywhere and really growing that audience around um our our offer and our launch so that we take them from that colder audience to converting by the end of the year we're going to

be able to wear the military download and Clo southwestу to eqp a longู and ill cool so it's shut up by July 1st and early June from this time we made it into August 3rd um we're really and really on a towards the end of May so i'm going to be checking in as well well lets logged in to the chat through the talk before we get started i will offer all the we have a lot of other plötzlich questions and they only might be in the chat uh as you can imagine tonight's webinar i'm going to be launching our launch runway and i Э , We got three questions that we're going to like, um, so keep an eye on that. We're going to have clients all the time until June.

I'll way we will have Love Time connect the chat into June 3rd and John in the next three days as we do that, and then they kind of come up, can see like anything at the moment. So if you feel like you need some extra help on all your launches coming up, definitely jump in there. I'll actually put the link, I feel like I'm just like, DM me for the link, but I'll put the link in the chat just in case you guys want to check it out yourselves. All right. So we are going to do audience strategies today. We are going to work through each kind of like level of heat of your audience and come up with a strategy for each level.

There should really be a different strategy depending on how warm the audience is to you. So we're going to start at the top and kind of work our way down into from cold to customer. So the VIP starts in June 1st. So like any time before June 1st is the deadline for that to get in. And I'll send reminders. Yeah. So you guys can get in. All right. So yeah, just a reminder, we're kind of picturing our audience journey, like a funnel at the top of another cold, they're strangers. They don't really know us at the bottom. They're super hot, super fans, customers. So, kind of the process of the launch is really taking people from that top-cold audience disengaged to hot customers that come back again and again for more. So, how are strangers on the internet discovering you right now? Tell me in the chat, like when you get a client, how are they finding you?

Word of mouth and Instagram, nice LinkedIn, word of mouth, Instagram, social podcasts, and speaking: yes, that's amazing! Jera linkedin and word of mouth recommendations, Facebook ads-okay, cool threads bundles. Threads is a really good one, actually, for discoverability. I'll talk a little bit about that in this in this presentation if you guys aren't on threads um, I wish medipaid me to say that but I just love it um. Okay, so here are some different ways that clients might be able to discover you right: word of mouth, many of you um brought that up uh; collaborations is actually a really great one because you're borrowing audiences uh via you know cross-posting um working together with someone

else who might have a similar audience to you; networking is really great if you're in a situation where you can kind of go irl or even online and meet people, things like this right um; gyob I just saw this morning that two people were who were in the last gyob um cohort which is my other program um are working together one's a stylist And one is a social media expert, and they're like kind of working with each other which I think is is really cool. So programs like this are a great way to network and collaborate, um ads some of you mentioned that you're you're doing ads, that's a great way for strangers to discover you, obviously you have to pay for it, which is the downside of social media, so that's obviously a very broad spectrum.

It sounds like most people are doing LinkedIn and Instagram and threads on here uh, and then press and podcasts, to Jerry you mentioned your own podcast, and that's a really great way for people to discover you, I've started to do a lot. Of podcasts, and I'm finding and discovering me that way as well, of course. Good old Google, and SEO search is great, as well. I would really recommend you all looking at your Google Analytics if you don't have that set up definitely set that up on your website so you can actually get a clear picture of where your leads are coming from where people are coming from as they visit your website just so you have more data around like what to kind of double down on.

So, one thing I always say is that discoverability requires visibility, I know there's like a big trend right now and I think it's a big trend right now and I think it's a big Trend right now with like, Faceless Instagram and like, all this like you don't really have to show up but um I'm a believer that you really do like, trust building also requires visibility like there's kind of needs to be a front person of of the brand so if you want people to discover you you have to be visible somewhere right, you have to choose some sort of top of funnel audience strategy so that people can discover you on the regular so where to focus on your content and where to focus on your content where to focus the discoverability right there's so many options we just went over it's hard to decide okay what should I double.

Down on and where should I go like I said, get Google Analytics on your website that might tell you give you a good hint of where to double down. But I really recommend, especially if you're like launching for the first time, just keep it super simple, choose like a couple of places and really think about where your people are right. If you're trying to pitch uh web services to agencies like Calum, it might be a good idea to go to LinkedIn and word of mouth and relationship building. If you are a social media expert for Instagram, obviously Instagram and maybe Twitter as well would be the best places so really. Also, think about like where is that attuned audience actually hanging out on the daily that I can like talk to them all the time?

For me, it wouldn't really make sense to you know, maybe be on LinkedIn as much as it makes sense for me to be on um Instagram. Like I find where more success there so uh yeah just have a think about where it makes the most sense for you and for your offer. So back to Jane our girl; she is a social media manager. Just a reminder if you weren't here on the first couple of days, who wants to start creating launch campaigns for her services this year to generate more consistent sales and be seen as the go-to expert in Her niche her offer that she's launching, called Own Your Instagram. And we took it through the Start Offer Framework just to give you a little bit of an idea of what's going on and what's going on in case you weren't here.

The Start Offer Framework is specific deliverables. So she has you know this one-on-one two-week content sprint transformative or transformational outcome, so on your Instagram um narrative, and grow your dream community with our focus two-week strategy sprints attuned audience. She works with brand founders and CEOs and repeatable results; she can just launch this many times the the scope doesn't Change the audience doesn't change, um, it's just a kind of perfect way to start offering framework as specific deliverables so she has you know this perfect productized service for her so it'll be super easy to launch and here's how strangers discover her right now pretty similar to how they might discover a lot of you, it

sounds like, so word of mouth, social media, mostly Instagram and she looked on her or her Google Analytics and she saw actually a good amount of people are coming from Google and SEO search um and that's it, that's how people are finding her right it's a pretty narrow field um and so around her launch, she really Wants to amplify that and give people more of an opportunity to be able to find her and her expertise and what she does so, what do you think are some ways that she could potentially expand her discoverability and that awareness around um who she is and what she does to her audience which keep in mind are like CEOs thought leaders? You can let me know in the chat um

any ideas how to go beyond so right now she has word of mouth social media Google SEO, any ideas about how to um expand LinkedIn Instagram threads yeah so social media I would include um like LinkedIn and and Instagram and threads and word of mouth we have already collabs Yep, that's a great one linkedin I think because she's doing um instagram maybe yeah i guess she could do linkedin but i think i haven't really included that in her plan collabs in-person events panels yep podcasts amazing cool great ideas guys okay so i had um i was thinking in the same way around collabs so because she you know works with a lot of ceos and stuff maybe there's other people like copywriters or ads people who also work with a similar audience but don't do the exact same thing that you can collaborate with and the press and podcast I think this is such an untapped resource for all of online service providers.

like the discoverability of podcasts is incredible and the longevity of podcasts is incredible you can be on a podcast six months ago and someone can listen today and discover you today and then like you know it's not just like a reels that kind of gets buried after you post it a couple of weeks later so I want to add that to the mix for her as well so her cold audience awareness strategy is three to four Instagram reels every week right because reels is one of the few places on Instagram where strangers can discover you it's hopefully going to reach people who are not not necessarily following you and then daily threads And, like I said, Threads is an amazing discoverability platform. People who do not follow you find you on there.

I've got so many clients from there; so many new people in my world; so many followers from Threads onto Instagram. So, Jane is also gonna gonna put some time there for discoverability strategic collaboration. She's going to reach out to her business besties, schedule guest blogs, program appearances right like I have people up here, my other program, I have people guest and and in this program in Launchpad, I have people guest and and teach on their expertise; so again, if you have anyone in your world who does something. Similar has a similar audience you want to tap into like, pitch to speak into their programs or speak at their courses, cross-posting or even a co-hosted workshop. So last year I did a co-hosted workshop with OCR Creative and it was just so awesome to like kind of share audiences, share expertise, and grow ahead of a launch.

Guess on podcasting could be featured as an expert in articles, totally that's another great place. So, podcast tours again, she wants to go on a podcast tour ahead of her launch and record a lot of podcasts, so she's going to pitch about 15 per week in her area of expertise and sketch and hopefully get them. Scheduled to be published around her launch, obviously. The sooner you can pitch ahead of your launch, the better, because a lot of podcasts book up pretty well in advance and then they need to edit and then they need to publish. So if this is part of your discoverability strategy, I would like start on I would start on the podcast tour first so she'll document all of this in the launch template that you all have just to make sure she has a clear plan to actually execute on these awareness strategies, so she's going to put things in the launch pad the launch template like every Monday, pitching 15 podcasts, like appearances maybe.

On Friday, to follow up with those 15 podcast appearance pitches. Everything should be documented in your launch calendar, so that you actually are executing on it, otherwise it's really easy to forget all the nuances that go into these kinds of things. So, like what are you saying on reels? What are you saying on threads? Do you have a close friends list that you might be also putting some extra content into your launch calendar, so that you can actually execute on it, and like what are you saying there? So I literally plan out and document everything, so that when it comes to the launch period, it's really just about executing. You don't also have to do the ideation work because I think a lot of launches will get really exhausting. People who are like, oh, I'm so burnt out by my launch is because you're like ideating, creating and executing all at the same time. And that's really exhausting. All right. So I thought we could do a quick breakout for you all to do a bit of a cold audience strategy decision making. Again, really simple. Choose what's already working. Don't try to do too much, but I'll put you all in a breakout room. Let me just do that right now.

Welcome back! Sorry if you missed the breakout room, if you just joined, by the way, we were all in another room. Well, I'm just going to wait for everyone to rejoin. Just a reminder to turn off your mics. Let me try to find who is not muted. All right. Never mind. Everyone has muted. Well done. Great. If anyone is wanting to do podcasts as like a podcast tour or whatever as their idea, there's this really great resource called Listen Notes to do research around podcasts. You can look up people that you like or would want to be on similar podcasts as them. You can look up podcast topics, things like that. So just a little tool for you all. I've been doing a lot of podcast pitching, so it's very much top of mind for me.

All right. Let me get back to sharing. Cool. So hopefully you've all come up with a bit of a top-of-funnel cold audience strategy. But how do you actually keep people's attention once you capture it? I actually find that it's less about, like, getting-of course, we want more people to discover us, but where most service providers actually drop off is in the warm-up process. Because I've had clients who have a hundred thousand followers who can't sell anything because they haven't, maybe they had a reel go viral, or maybe they had a couple of reels go viral and got like loads of followers, but they don't actually have a reel go viral. So I'm going to go ahead and share that with you.

So I have a couple of people who have like a hundred thousand followers, but they don't have a relationship with their followers. The trust hasn't been built. So they're not making any sales. I have people who have graduated Launch Your Own Way who have 400, 500 followers and have massive launches because they've really, really put that time into building trust with their audiences. So count doesn't matter. It's really about how much you've built the trust. And so once people follow you, we would need to have a really solid plan to create those relationships. And I think that's a really important part of how you're building trust. Keep them warm so that they want to, like, invest in in your expertise. So let's talk about ways that we could do that.

But first, what are some ways um or what are some brands that you have recently purchased from? Like, what is the last purchase you made from a brand and um why why did you make it? What made you add it to cart? Oh, that's good that you guys met each other, trust cool! So what was it exactly? I'd love to know like what are you guys buying? Amazon nice, Amazon. I feel like it's more convenience than trust but oh nice Ocr's video marketing course amazing! Oh me, thank you so much Christina Tk Max my mother would enjoy that. My mom loves Tj Max

just got new jeans a gold and Reformation nice yes. I actually saw your stories about that Jaron really, really enjoyed them. I have the opposite problem where jeans are just always ridiculously long on me. So it was nice to see a different perspective okay Reformation jeans. What made you want to buy Reformation jeans? Was it a good idea or was it a bad idea? I don't know, was it like seeing them on TikTok was it like kind of seeing other people wear them and see that they fit really well? Their customer service is everything okay cool! So there's Like a bit of trust there, LinkedIn Premium, nice very cool, oh they do free alterations too, okay that's amazing didn't know that about Reformation, you wanted to solve a problem for you of course yep,

okay, cool, good to know you guys, so it sounds like a lot of it has been around, trust customer service um you know seeing other people use it and obviously like solving a problem for you which is always why we want to buy something, okay, so as I said, you don't need a larger audience to make big sales, you just need trust um so just a reminder this is where the trust happens and the warm-up zone and it can take time to build that trust some people Um, you know, take a while to kind of warm up to you. Some people are just like, you know, they immediately want to work with you. I actually had someone buy launch your own way a couple days ago that like followed me that day,

like binge some of my content and was like, 'Okay, I'm in.' Um, so it can also be a very quick process, uh, but we just want to make sure we have those uh things in place to make sure the warming up is going to be okay. So, I think that's a really good point. I think that's a really good point at all. All right, so launches need a front person to take front and center the stage and embody that um, embody the offer they're selling, so I know. That a lot of people probably have some uh struggles around visibility uh, but it's back to that idea of like people trust people um, we see that with all the biggest brands out there, there's a front person there's someone who's like being behind the brand, that's really walking the talk of the brand too, right?

They're like embodying the brand in some way. So, we really need to be doing that with our own brands. So for promising social media strategy, it's like maybe having a really good social media strategy or a money program. It's like, I just saw Emily, actually, you shared on threads how much money you've saved in the last couple of years, I think, after being in debt. And I'm like, oh, damn, she knows what she's doing. I trust her, right? I love seeing you walking the talk of the promise of your program. And that's so, so important. And we walk the talk through really showing up and embodying that promise.

Awesome. So here are different warm-up zones. I tried to kind of categorize it so that you can think of four different places that you could potentially pick and choose from. From around, you know, where you're warming up. So there's email. This is obviously one of my favorites, but you know, you don't have to do email. I do recommend it though. Writing a consistent newsletter is huge. I write one pretty much every week. Sometimes I miss it, but most weeks you will get an email from me. Nurture sequences. So these are once maybe they sign up for a newsletter or sign up for a freebie or something, you'll get them a lot from brands. Like I'll even like put my email in the checkout and then not check out.

And I'll get like a bunch of emails over the next week, just warming me up to the brand, what they're about, giving me a coupon code, trying to get me back into that cart. Right. So nurture sequences are a great thing to have set up. They're automatic. They go out and they warm people up to your brand wait list, which we'll talk about. Like that's a really important strategy. In my opinion, you don't have to do it again, but in my opinion, to have during your launch period to warm people up. Social, obviously stories there, every single like social platform has its own kind of warmup features. But I think Instagram stories is the absolute best. I even did like a mini course with Ociera all around selling in stories that I really recommend.

But LinkedIn, like there's just so many like ways. I think engaging as a user is the best way to warm up as well. We so often like put posts out there and we're like, no one's engaging, but you're also not engaging and you get what you put in. So, you know, you should be commenting on people's things, liking people's things, looking at stories, replying to stories. The more that you engage as a user, the more you're going to be warming up, you know, on there in general. Consistent posting. So, you know, I see so many people just like post a lot and then kind of fall off, especially after a launch. But the warmup is kind of forever.

Like the more consistently you can be posting over a longer period of time, the easier that your launches are going to be because you're not just going to like have to start climbing the mountain again after you've fallen off. And direct messages. I think that's like the best place to warm up. So much warming up happens in the DMs. Be generous, like be really generous with your knowledge, with your time, with your support in the DMs. Like people will DM me and be like, oh, Kelsey, what do you think about this offer? And I'm like, sending them voice notes and stuff because, well, A, I just really want to help them. And B, I think, you know, I just think it's really important to like put that generous spirit out there because that will come back.

Okay. Opt-ins. Our lead magnets are also a way that they're called. Amazing way to warm people up, especially ahead of a launch. So there's workshops, private podcasts, challenges. There's like loads of other freebies. So we'll go really deep on that because we actually have a freebie challenge today and tomorrow. In real life, press, podcasts, networking, speaking, collabs, partnerships. We talked about that. Again, I think this is like a really untapped space. We're perpetually online as online service providers. We're like, you know, always like talking on the internet, on our little screens. And I think it's like going to get increasingly more important to like, get yourself out there. Right. Get yourself on panels, collabs, networking. If you have access to that in the city that you're in or the town that you're in.

Partnerships. I just think like the future of warming people up is that really, I don't know if you all saw that article, but it was kind of about how Gen Z really loves like a world building 360 experience and really loves like IRL activations and things like that. And it's just something I've been thinking about a lot as an online service provider. Like, how do I like bring that? Like, how do I get out more? So just something to think about. And I think a podcast tour is a great place to start. So people are like, well, what about cold outreach? You know, you might make some sales from cold outreach. It's definitely a method that works. You know, it's usually a numbers game.

So, you know, my father was a salesman and he used to have to go like hotel to hotel and sell things. And it worked. And I think it's a great place to start. It worked, right? It's kind of like a traditional old school way of relationship building and selling. However, it's not, in my opinion, a great way to build long-term trust with an audience, with a community. And when we're talking about the warm-up, we're really talking about building that longevity and trust. We've all gotten the cold email. I've been getting a lot actually since I got on LinkedIn for all the LinkedIn experts. Let me know how to get out of that. And, you know, I just ignore it because it's like, who are you? I don't know who you are.

Why would I want your service, right? They haven't actually done the work to build that trust with me. So I usually just delete the emails. So I wouldn't necessarily, yeah, recommend cold outreach. It's not a warm-up strategy. Okay. So the warm-up opt-in or lead magnet, here's just some general ideas. I built a new AI tool that's going to help you come up with your warm-up opt-in plan. I will actually share it in the chat now, but we'll talk about it a little bit more later. And basically, you'll be able to put in your offer and it will give you like five ideas for a lead magnet. And then it'll help you kind of build out that lead magnet as well.

My favorite lead magnets are challenges, our private podcasts, our webinars or workshops, anything that kind of gathers a community into one place or like gets your voice into their ear for a long period of time. A quiz is really great too. I'm not as big of a fan as like templates or PDFs. I feel like there is like a PDF graveyard of people who've downloaded things and just like, don't get to them. So I really do recommend things that are a little bit more like almost a mini course, right? So like a challenge, you might've all been in the challenge leading up to Launch Your Own Way. Just such a great way to kind of gather your ideal clients in one place and serve them over a couple of days.

So I really recommend something more like that. All right. So can you help me come up with some ideas for Jane's warmup plan? So her audience is on Instagram. She's going on a podcast tour. She's doing some strategic planning and guesting, and she wants to grow her email list with her podcast. So I'm going to go ahead and share that with you. I'll answer your question in a bit, Christina, at the question break. So just going back to like the warmup zones, what are some ideas for Jane knowing what she's kind of working on?

Any ideas? Oh, cool! People are typing

consistently posting on social, private Potter challenge; consistent newsletter waitlist-yep, those are some great ideas. A challenge or a workshop? Yep, love to identify your content pillars! I love that idea. Hosting a social media challenge? Yep, you're thinking the right way! All the social media things close friends could be cool to try. I might have that on her plan. Cool, awesome good thinking, guys! Alright, so I kind of um whittled her plan down to consistent newsletters; so uh, maybe around you know, social media really geared toward those CEOs and thought leaders, and a waitlist funnel to start kind of building people or selling people into the world, and I think that's a really good idea. I think that's a really good idea.

Um, social so Instagram stories, uh, direct messages, consistent posting; engaging as a user-I had that she'll do a challenge because I think that's going to be great for social media. For Instagram, in particular, so it sounds like a lot of you had that idea. And obviously, she's going on a podcast tour, so we have podcasts and we mentioned that she's going to be doing some collabs; I think, like, obviously, that is a top-of-funnel strategy getting like discovered and on a podcast but a great thing for my podcast is I have a lead magnet or something that I have them put into the show notes to make sure that I'm also then capturing whoever is listening um and like bringing them into my whatever like nurture sequence or whatever like kind of launch is coming up um so uh yeah just something to think about, like how can you?

Take something that's like a top-of-funnel strategy and also make it a warm-up strategy as well, so let's talk about list and audience strategies because I think people get really confused about this a lot and I don't know if I always explain it very well, but I want you to think about like um your different lists are going to be kind of warming people up at different spots within the warm-up zone. A weekly newsletter, for instance, I kind of put higher up because there might be people who aren't opening it or people who kind of like read it but have aren't really interested in buying anything, you know, there might be hot audience on there. Of course, it's very like a hot audience

like general so the overall temperature of that is kind of like lukewarm freebie opt-in so that's going to be something that you've created like the challenge that's very specific to your offer so anyone opting into that is likely going to be interested in your offer however they might not be there's a lot of people who just like freebies or there's a lot of people who just want to participate in a challenge so they're a little bit warmer but they're not like hot, warm you know they're not like 'oh' they're just like 'oh', that's a nice temperature then there's the wait list, the wait List to audience, are people who are saying yes, put

me on the wait list, I'm interested in that particular offer so they're saying I want to hear more about this offer it sounds right for me and I know it's going to be something paid, so they're like the hottest of all three audiences these are three separate segments on your email list and you'll email them at different cadences throughout your launch campaign obviously the wait list is going to get the most emails because they are the most interested in the offer sometimes I will combine wait list and freebie opt-in because they are combined pretty warm, sometimes I send To my whole newsletter list, so or you know who's ever has opened a newsletter in the last 90 days is usually how I segment it out, um but you know there's a different cadence there and I'll send you like part of the supplementary content that I'm publishing this week will be kind of a walk-through of an example of um newsletters and I'll send you like part of the supplementary content

for a launch so Jane's email schedule everyone she's sending these bi-weekly emails to they dive into um they're all around um Instagram strategy and um also from that from that weekly newsletter she can promote her freebie or her wait list. or her full-price launch, depending on which launch phase she's in, so it becomes this great place to funnel people out from your overall email list into your freebie or into your wait list, so that they can actually join the Hutter audience. Like you segment those people out from your bigger list um freebie uh so then she can further segment people out from her bigger list. But also, obviously, she's posting her freebie on her socials and stuff to hopefully get more people onto that list and then the wait list segment, like I said, those are the people who are super interested.

So again, three different Segments of three somewhat different strategies because it's like a mini funnel warm-up funnel in and of itself, right? Hope that's making sense. Let me know if you need any clarity. We have a question break coming up all right, so having a wait list pre-sale is an opportunity to sell to your warmest audience before the public on sale. I talked about this a little bit last time, um, but here is kind of what I would recommend for a wait list pre-sale period: So I typically do like either two to three weeks before the on sale, I'll usually start it, but you could just do it a week before as well, I've done that.

Um, again, launch your own way, but Here's an example: someone joins the wait list, they'll get an automatic email that says, 'You're on the wait list for...' On your Instagram, we're doing Jane right now. You can tease a little bit about your offer and I always say, 'Make sure you reply to this email so that you get the rest of the emails right.' So if they can reply to the email um just to make sure that they'll get the rest of the emails and they don't end up in junk or something. I'll also give them a little bit of an offer, so if they do know that you're on the wait list, they can come in and sign up for the wait list the week before the wait list pre-sale.

I'll usually say, 'You know It's coming next week, you're on the list to get to get in first um but if you want to to get in even earlier, I usually say like reply with an emoji and I'll send you the earliest link and I'll send them a link to the unpublished or the unlisted sales page if they want to sign up even earlier. And sometimes I give even an extra incentive for people to get in early. Again, totally optional. You don't have to do that, but I would send an email the week before the wait list just to let them know it's coming. Like pay attention next week. Like you'll have the opportunity to purchase own your Instagram or whatever you're selling. Okay.

And then the wait list pre-sell opens and that's when you send one email or a series of emails. It really depends on your audience size, but you can link directly to the sales page, the unlisted sales page, right? Because you haven't like published it for the public. This is just for anyone who's on the wait list. And depending on your audience size, I would, I usually send like four, four to five wait list emails, but I also have usually have like, you know, a hundred people on my wait list. So if you don't have that many people, maybe you won't want to do as many. And then finally, I usually send sort of some sort of like a last chance email before the public pre-sell, right?

So once the wait list ends, usually you'll switch to announcing it to public. So I usually do like a last chance to kind of get in before we announce it to the public, either last week or next week. I hope that's making sense, but you guys can always look back at this. I kind of lay it out really nicely here. If you want to look back at it in future, and I'll walk you through it a bit more when I do that, like supplementary email cadence video that I'm going to publish in Ground Control. So I kind of mentioned this again, but the number of emails that you send, people are just like, 'how many emails do I send?' If you have like 50 people on your list total, I wouldn't send like seven emails, right?

I would rather focus on the number of emails that you send. Building your email list in the front end than like emailing 50 people like 25 times. There are coaches out there that are like, 'email more', send 300 emails. Personally, if I get like loads of emails, I really don't like that. So I try to be cognizant with my own email list around it. But again, there's like no hard and fast science to it. It really depends on how warmed up your audience is, how big the size is. Anyway, the point of this is just like, focus on growing your email list. If you don't have that many people on it, rather than like sending loads of emails, send less if you have less.

Oh, great. Someone said I watched the first round in January and I get it now. Yeah, I feel like that's the thing where people are like, 'I just don't understand the different audiences.' So hopefully that makes more sense. All right. So finally, let's talk about Jane's trust building strategies. She's going to have a close friends list. I don't know if a lot of, a lot of people have been doing this lately. I have, starting a close friends list that's specific around your area of expertise or specific around an offer. So mine's all about launching. I talk about other people's launches. I do Q &As. It's just this like kind of segmenting out of my overall Instagram audience into a close friends list who's interested in launching, right?

Because I have 13,000 people on my list. Not everyone wants to see like, stories on like Bumble's recent launch, but you know, four or 500, no, I think I have like five or 600 people in there do. They've opted into being in my close friends list. And a lot of them are probably here. Obviously you are interested in launching and want to know more about it. So close friends list is a great strategy, daily stories and engaging with Instagram. So she's going to be posting stories every day, whether it's, you know, to her freebie, to her waitlist. She's going to have those CTAs so that people will join those warmup lists. And she's going to be engaging with Instagram. Like I said, using it as a user so that it's like, she's actually engaging with people.

She's not just going to be posting and expecting people to engage with her when she's engaging herself. Threads as a daily user. So she's going to be threading every single day and she's going to, do comments, DMs to people as well. Start DM conversations, comment on things. Okay. Podcast tour, we talked about this. So, but not just like going and speaking on a podcast, making sure she has her opt-ins linked in the show notes of those podcasts so that she's building lists while she is, while that tour goes live. Right. So she has, it's hitting both of those audience strategies, other collaborations. So maybe she goes live with someone. On Instagram, cross-posting, guest blogging, things like that. And finally, creating an own your Instagram challenge targeted at thought leaders, maybe around content pillars that someone had that great idea.

All right. So again, she's going to document all of this on her launch template, make cards for them, do checklists, make sure that she's actually ideating and fully like planning it all. So that all she needs to do once the launch starts is execute on what she's already ideated and planned and created. All right. So does anyone have any questions so far? We'll start with the pinned content, the pinned question. Christina, you said, would you recommend doing a challenge or a free class slash workshop for people just starting out? Hmm. Yeah. Do you want to talk a little bit? Do you want to come up and talk a little bit more about your offer that you're warming up to?

My offer, I, I'm still kind of like in the weeds, but I'm leaning more towards like a VIP day intensive for website, website design on Webflow. And the, the, like, I guess the idea of doing like a workshop or a class, I mean, it's just, it's just kind of something that I just came up with right now. But I don't know if like, that's a good idea. I don't know if that's a good idea. That could be beneficial of sort of establishing myself as to like why I chose Webflow. Why I design on there just kind of showing or kind of establishing my expertise. Maybe. Yeah, maybe. Who are your clients? Like, who are you trying to get to sign up for it? Right now, I'm targeting, I'm not like a specific industry per se.

I'm kind of like targeting several since I'm just starting out, but maybe like, I don't know, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't beauty, lifestyle, startups as well. So yeah, it's kind of varied, to be honest. Got it. I would take it through the star offer and actually choose an attuned audience. I think you can get broader as you grow, but it's actually really important to be specific when you're just starting out. Because, yeah, you want to build a specific audience. So if you're kind of just for everyone, it can be really hard to kind of even know what challenge to do, right?

Because the the challenges that are the problems that someone in the wellness and beauty industry are maybe dealing with around building their web flow is different than the challenges that, you know, might be dealing with. So I would say like, is that web flow design and development for beauty brands or something like that, or for wellness or for wellness founders or something like that. Yeah. I would get more specific. And once you do get more specific, I would get clear on what they're struggling with problem-wise and think, what do they need before the web flow? Because it's not really interesting to them necessarily about like why you chose web flow. It's more interesting to them, what they can get out of web flow.

So I would really think about what's that first step for them to get the most out of web flow or solve some sort of problem before they even hire you. That's kind of what we want to think about when it comes to lead magnets. True. Okay. Yeah, definitely. Thank you very much. Yeah. Yeah. Feel free to DM me if you want to kind of riff back and forth about it more. All right. Let's see. Do you want to come on up and talk about private pods? Hey, hey, hi, yeah. I just wanted to ask about the private podcast. I really loved your private podcast. And I recently started my own podcast back in October and I just absolutely love podcasting. It's just so much easier for me to do that.

I feel like I get into my head about like looking good on camera. So, podcasting just feels amazing. So, anyway, I guess I just want to, I was thinking of doing a private podcast for my next launch. I've done like workshops and things in the past, but I think I kind of want to try this private podcast thing. And I don't know if it's like, I saw that you had yours as a paid podcast, but I don't know if I should just do mine as a free like opt-in or, I don't know. I guess I just kind of wanted to get your thoughts on this private podcast as a warmup for my launch. I have a like, like guest training, I guess coming up in the Launch Pad with Vix Meldrew, who also does private podcasts and uses them in her launches.

So if you're interested in private podcasts, definitely come to that because we'll be like in conversation about them as a tool. But yeah, they're amazing. And for someone I heard once on a podcast, I think, like, your voice is almost like your thumbprint, it's so verbal. And when you get the opportunity to be in someone's ears for a significant amount of time, it just is such a massive trust builder. It's like really, really warms them up. So yeah, as far as what I would recommend, choose, choose something specific and make it like a limited series so that you're not on the hook to like produce podcasts forever. So I would say, like, is there something around what you're teaching?

With VIP days that you could like do bite-sized and in a limited series, say like, you know, five episodes or eight episodes that really takes people through almost like a mini-course. The reason I made mine paid was because so much of what I do is free. And I feel like I had that so covered, but I really didn't have like almost an in-between thing between like, I almost wanted to kind of segment out people who were like actually super interested in launching to the point where they like wanted to pay for it, you know, as like a next step, next step between, you know, the freebie and selling to launch your own way. So that's kind of why I made it paid, but I still made it super affordable so that it like is kind of no brainer if you're interested.

But you know, if you make it free, more people will join. But if you make it paid, more of the right people will join, if that makes sense. So it's kind of, I have a lot of ladies already. So that's what kind of was leaning towards maybe like a lower ticket sort of thing. And I think it'd be like aligned with all the modules in my like course or my program about VIP days where it's like, you know, first episodes about whatever we talk about in the first week or something like that. It's just like a small chunk. I would just make sure it doesn't cannibalize. So the reason that the warm-up is like its own standing thing is because, like this section I just took you guys through is like, there's so much nuance and so much like other things that you could be doing that I wanted to go deep on.

And I think that's, it's a little bit of a meta setting outside of the program. So it kind of stands on its own, you know, as like a warm-up and it's like warms people up into the program as well. So it's a bit of a like meta situation. So I would say like, is there some, like, what do people need before they start the VIP day? Course like what is like, is that there a mindset that they need to tap into? Or is there like something that they need to do around cleaning up their brand? or is there some client experience that they need to tap into? Could it just be on getting badass client testimonials? You know, think about like almost something super, super specific and bite-sized that you could do like a mini course around.

Okay, that makes sense. Thank you. Yeah, let me know if you, again, like DM me if you want to riff about any of it. All right, lots of questions. Erska, do you want to go next? Hi. Hi. Again. So I was thinking for my offer for the portfolio pieces, design, whatever, intensive. I was thinking like two different or like I have two ideas for freebies and what would be like a portfolio page checklist, but not just like checklist, more content. So like what would be more in-depth or like what to include in your portfolio page to create the good experience and so on? Because I feel that people mostly just like rush through that. And a different one could be potentially like maybe a small mockup bundle, like a few mockups to use to show off your portfolio projects.

But like I mentioned, like I feel that kind of like people downloading these would be the DIYers and not so much like someone who's at a level to book the service, basically. Yeah, I know what you mean. But I mean, if they're downloading it and then they like get started and they're like still like this keeps going to the bottom of my to-do list, I'm never going to do it. Like, right, they could do it themselves and they might try, but then they'll still find it's a problem and they're not getting it done. And then they have you in their inbox. Being like, let's go, you know, I can come for you in three days. I love the first idea.

I almost am like, I found the things that I've gotten the most signups for are things that incorporate AI and ChatGPT. People like love like learning that tool in conjunction with solving a problem. So, I wonder if the first one could be like a chat GPT bot or something that because you can like create a bot that's like trained that prompts them and helps them set up. Their portfolio page, like per your framework. So it could like help them write their descriptions, help them like understand the order, that kind of thing, so that they're almost like prepped. And all you have to do after that is just like create the mock-ups and plug it into the page. Yeah. Oh, thank you. I'll, I'll, I'll write this down.

Um, another question since like, I just came up with it. Uh, is it like maybe worth giving a try to do some ads for the lead magnets, just like to reach more people? Cause like my audience is very small. Um, I personally wouldn't, um, but again, launch your own way. If you want to try them, I just think if you ha if you don't have organic proof that something is working, um, putting ads behind it as a bit risky, because then you're going to be putting ads behind something that's not working organically and therefore won't necessarily work, um, with money behind it. Uh, but there are people who do do that and, and ended up reaching their ideal audience and, and building their audience.

So you could, you could definitely try it if you want to add allocate some budget. That's not super risky to, to give it a go. There's actually it's in launch your own way. I'm not sure she's here today. Alice, are you here? Alice? She's an ad person. And in the last launch her own way, she, um, actually did like a full walkthrough video of how to set up your first kind of like ad and then. Um, like taking you through every single step. So I don't have my pen, but, um, I'll try to remember if I, if I don't remember message me in Geneva, they got that Loom video. Um, if you do want to watch that and kind of figure out how to set it up. Yeah, that would be perfect.

Thank you. We wouldn't have success with setting up Facebook ads, but without an audience that has actually been successful in here. I personally haven't. Yeah. Yeah. If you have, let us know in the chat. Okay. I'm going to do one or two more questions and then to keep on going. And then we'll have more questions at the end, just because I want to make sure we have time to get through everything. All right, Emily. Hello. Sorry. I was just, I was trying to type in the chat as well. Because obviously I use Facebook ads as part of my strategy. Um, but I've had the lead magnet for. For years I've had it as a paid option as well. So I knew kind of putting it as a free option was almost like a no brainer.

So I guess I already had that. Yeah. Organic proof. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Makes sense. Okay. Like you're finding success with putting money behind it and getting signups. Yeah. So I only put a tiny amount. It's like three pounds a day, but it is helping build my email list all the time. Um, Awesome. What is the freebie? Um, so it's a free, it's like a super simple, like budget planner, spending plan. Um, cause I find that a lot of them are like very complicated. So my whole thing is like simplifying everything to do with finance. And yeah, I've had people literally DM me telling me that they paid off all their debt and bought houses, like using the spreadsheet. So I'm like, I put that in like the ads.

So I'm like, I'd be like, sign me up. Amazing. That’s good. Yes. Have the organic social proof. You have it. You have the testimonials and therefore you can like really make it a super, um, successful ad. That's great. Okay, cool. So do you want to talk about your lead magnet around, um, your mastermind sale offer? Yeah. So it’s going to be, yeah, really intimate group mastermind style group coaching. So I’m not quite sure yet. Um, it’s going to be like my highest ticket offer to date because it’s going to be like that longer term intimate experience all around wealth. It's going to be like, the biggest thing that I'm going to be doing is the mental health building.

Um, so obviously I'm going to people that have that money spare and looking to use it because of that. Obviously, I'm thinking two things. One is really wanting to showcase my expertise to be like, 'Hey, like you do trust me to help you like utilize your money to build wealth.' So that's like doing it. Um, the private podcast route on that side. But then I also have in my head of like, well, a challenge makes sense. Sense, because you can almost see in the challenge who is engaging and who is like doing the work and like almost they're like, you're then like super ideal clients you can kind of almost see, meet the

people before like bringing them into the program if that makes sense, so totally that's too I think um when are you specifically launching because depending on how much time you have it may be well like kind of so yeah this is what I don't know currently because I'm going to base it off how much wiggle room financially I get with my current launch as to how long I can leave it obviously the longer the better because I do know I need to do a bit more warm-up, yeah yeah I think a challenge would be good to kind of be that initial piece of warm-up so like kind of getting people in a challenge like gathering them as you said.

And then maybe also a private podcast, um, as well if you have the capacity and you have, um, yeah, the time to, to do both I think you could do both and maybe make the podcast paid just because it is a high-ticket Mastermind, so you almost want to segment out people who are willing to pay if that makes sense. Yeah, that totally makes sense, yeah, yeah. So, but the order might be interesting because you might almost do the private podcast first because you want to go from challenge to on sale or at least challenge to like waitlist pre-sale, you want to like kind of open doors after the challenge typically um, although the private podcast you. Could also have doors open, yeah.

Let's talk about the timeline if you have if you want to drop in Geneva like a rough like launch plan, I'm happy to kind of look at it and make my best recommendation, okay. Lovely, thank you so I recommend both for sure, and maybe making the private podcast paid amazing, thank you all right, um. I think I gotta jump right into the next step because it's 8:04 but I will circle back to all your questions at the end if we have time, um. Oh yeah, and just to plug my private podcast, The Warm-Up is where we go really deep on warm-up audience strategies, and there's really great interviews with past launcher owners. Way alumni talking about how they've warmed people up, um, and you know kind of walking you through their launch process and stuff like that.

Um, so it's pretty awesome if I do say so myself, uh, and check it out if you're interested. I will put it in Geneva, I'm just like where will I put it? Oh, and I think it's linked under the like um links under the videos each day in in the course portal as well. Alright, I was going to do a five-minute breakout but clearly my time is not my time management is not the best, so um, just if you guys can take a couple minutes and really think about like what warm-up strategies you want to be utilizing for your Launch coming up, and I'll just go back to that page that's like the warm-up zones do-do-do. All right, hopefully you've had a good think, but after um this definitely like solidify what that kind of warm-up audience strategies are for you.

Um, and let's just touch on social really quick because I know that social is a big audience building strategy for most online business owners. Um, this was supposed to gif and isn't so sorry for my weird post uh. So, social but that builds trust, you have to show up authentically generously, that's my biggest thing is like, 'Be, be generous.' Like serve before you sell, and I know we hear it all the time. But consistently, I know it's really hard when you're working on a lot of client projects and you have a lot of other things going on where we're all wearing a lot of hats in business. But um, it's just really important, I feel like it's a really important thing to do, and I think it's a really important thing to do.

And I feel like I've been showing up consistently for four years, and I have not that many followers for that consistency, to be honest. I'm kind of like uh, for the amount of time I've spent on Instagram, it's like you know, I don't have loads of followers, but I have such a loyal amazing community, and that's because I've been Showing up almost every single day for four years, um, so if you want sales to be useful that consistency piece is really important, so how do you kind of super speed the trust process? One way um is working in public, this is a phrase I heard on a podcast one time uh from the Convert Kit founder Nathan Berry and it's just stuck with me; it's this idea of like actually sharing the process.

So you're all planning launches right now, talk about it like share what you're working on, um, I'm planning a launch right now, uh, around a summit that I'm doing so I've been sharing the process with a lot of people and I've been sharing little design Bits and being like, oh, the summit that's coming up, and asking people questions about summits that they've attended, and planting little seeds in people's minds, um, that it's coming, and when I actually announce it, I'm going to be you know talking about it all the time, like sharing what I'm working on behind the scenes, telling people, um, what's been challenging, like I love to actually share the process. So

just make sure you're working in public, you're not just like at your computer doing things alone, like get your sticky grippy, put your camera up, like film it, like talk about kind of what you're actually working on because Then people are invested in the story of what you're creating, and they'll want to be part of it, so think about you know you don't just want to see a finished cake, you want to see them baking it, decorating it, um, and baking it from scratch is what that's supposed to say. And I said, channel your inner Nara Smith, like why has she blown up on Instagram and TikTok because we're literally seeing her create these... I think the other day she literally made gum from scratch if you guys know who Nara Smith is, and you're just like, what this is insane, I want to see this entire process, and you're hooked in, so work in public if you want to, super.

speed that trust building process with your audience another way to super speed that trust building process with your audience is through humor and vulnerability my friend kid bell whitney bell says humor and vulnerability are the current currency of the internet um i think jera is so great at this to shout her out social media queen she's so funny and so relatable and so real and it's just like so fun to watch her on social media because um you just get like you just know who she is without even necessarily having ever met her irl you know and that's the that's the trust building stuff all right so let's do a quick in and out list um your face is in faceless instagram

other gimmicks not in um your voice you know like really using your voice sharing um to camera you know sharing your expertise voiceovers are really big right now in in tiktok and in reels anything bad quality like wipe your camera i have to tell myself that sometimes i'm like why does it look so blurry i'm like damn it i didn't wipe my camera um personality so really like being yourself and having like a brand built around that personal personality um you know having people invested in a story or a series so like i've been really trying to do series on my social media so right Now one of the series I've started is like getting out of the day-to-day of my business, and I'm going to be like updating people on that process as it's happening.

Um, working in public out is just showing the finished piece, lifestyle obviously is always very nice, so like, who are you outside of working on your launches and you know all of that? So something like Emily, who is a money expert, might be interesting to see like the life that money, that like having a great relationship with money has afforded her, and like the things around her life that have changed as a result of that. Um, humor co-creation so really like actually asking. your clients or your clients your audience questions i love close friends for that that just feels like a little close friends like secret chat that we're all kind of building and we're all kind of building and we're all kind of building and we're all

and and conversating together is conversating a word let me know in the chat um deep dms so like i said send voice notes like really like help people in the dms um before they even give you money like it's nice to be generous serve them before you try to sell them um and just realness i think what used to work a couple years ago is like look how amazing my life is like you can get it too but now it's really like realness like people are like oh my god i'm so happy i'm so like that makes it that's that vulnerability piece that makes you relatable so just want to do a quick in

and out i'm sure there's some social media experts like jaron here who could add more to it so definitely follow her if you want more social media tips um but coming to ground control we're going to do a full launch walkthrough of jane's launch i like recorded it last year when my voice last year last week when my voice was just like totally screwed so i'm going to do a full launch walkthrough of jane's launch i like recorded it last year When my voice is re-recorded this week, now that it's back, I'll launch Jane's launch email and social schedule cadence as well, so we're going to go deep on that like what that might look like too, if you don't have loads of um subscribers on your wait list.

And then I'm doing a live launch plan walkthrough with Iona, my friend Iona who's launching her group program soon, so that'll be really interesting just to see like how in real-time we will like plan a launch and so it'll just make it easier to follow along and think about how to plan your launches. Alright, so launching or not, we always need to be building awareness, just be helping People discover us and building that trust with our audience during the launch period, we just turn up the volume a little bit but the kind of warm-up period and that discoverability like those should be strategies that we're kind of always working on even if we're not necessarily launching. Alright so let's talk about this hot area-this how do we get all of these people to hopefully become launchers long-term clients and customers?

So we have those two kinds of moments of a launch, right? We have the public pre-sale where there's maybe some extra incentives and then the on sale where it's maybe full price or maybe there Are you still some incentives before doors close or you going evergreen? And the number one thing I hear during this period, especially because you've done so much groundwork and messaging in that warm-up period, and you've already maybe pre-sold to your work; your wait list is like 'am I being annoying?' Like I've been talking about this so much and it's like 'you're not being annoying you actually have to be more obvious than you're already being probably right because we're

so inundated with so much stuff on on social media, like especially like TikTok; you're just scrolling, scrolling, you see so much stuff, and you actually have to Be way more obvious and um for people to just like register what you even have going on, I can't tell you how many launches I've done where I'm like um, you know, people are like 'Oh, I didn't even realize that was on sale' and you're like, 'What? I thought it was being so annoying, you know, but um, yeah, you're not being annoying, you gotta actually make it more obvious. So part of that issue that I see so much is that we require way too much discovery work and so much um just like warm-up work from our audience before they can even make a purchase, so the gap between like cold, warm, and then like hot customer is just Like, it's like a labyrinth that our clients need to go through to even just like get us get the information that they need.

Um, so here is what that may look like: you know, someone happens to stumble on your Instagram, they go, go on your profile and press follow, maybe they liked your reel or something, and then they like go on and go to the TikTok app and like lose hours of their life and forget about you. Um, then maybe they'll see an Instagram story later on and be like, 'Oh yeah, I followed that person.' What did they do again? Click on your profile, navigate to your website, and maybe there's like a coming soon page there that's like, 'Come back Soon, we're going to launch. Soon, see that all the time, even with web designers. Get your websites up; even if they're just like beta websites, just hit publish or maybe they go, and then they have to like fill out a form to get you know, your um what is it called?

Like your whatever your services are, you know, like put your email in, and you'll get like a full service deck from me, and it's like again that's too much friction. Like that's requiring way too much from our audience, and then they just like bounce and are like kind of forget about you again, and then you're like, 'Why isn't anyone booking my services?' Because you've just required them. To go through this absolute maze and you've lost them because you haven't actually made it obvious that you want to work with them, making it obvious looks like maybe someone sees a reel right from the top of funnel discoverability strategy they follow you and they see

your freebie that's like mid-middle strategy warm-up opt-in and then they sign up; there's a nurture sequence so they get like nurtured into your brand they like want to dig in more to your socials and what you're about and then they get sent to your sales page and they build and they binge that and they're like oh amazing I want to sign up for my early To the earliest price, um, and then you have a customer, so think about like the difference between this and this-it's just like, it's easy, make it obvious for your clients to become customers, um. We probably won't have time for this because I want to have time for uh questions, but just a thought: if you're like re-watching this, what is your current discoverability and client journey, and how can you make it a lot more easy, reduce the cold-to-customer friction, so you want to just make it so easy for them to RSVP, say take my money to your brand.

Launching is what makes it obvious; launching is that invitation to say hey. Come on in! Like, join right now, you're giving those CTAs, you're messaging on the regular, you're giving them something to RSVP to so that they can say yes. That's why I drive so much more sales than this like passive selling that we're moving away from, which is like, oh, find me on Instagram maybe look at my website maybe get my services deck what you know what I mean? It's just like such a different energy um and And it results in a lot more sales as a result. Just know, don't sell what you do. So don't say, 'I do Webflow', right? We want to sell who they are after they work with you.

Who are they going to be after they work with you? So they don't want to launch. You guys don't want to launch necessarily. You want to make more sales. That's why you're here. You don't want a content strategy. You want a community. You don't want a gym membership. You want to look and feel good. You don't want a house. You want security. You don't want to learn to invest. You want financial freedom. You don't want a vacation. You want an experience. So just really think about the way you're actually messaging and communicating to your audience around why they should sign up, especially when you're making those invitations to convert them. Like it should be really clear about who they're going to be on the other side of adding to cart and checking out.

So, Jane's going to turn up the volume on her phone and we'll be right back. So she's going to send her invitations. She sends everyone to the sales page when she blasts off. So instead of being like during the wait list or during the freebie, she's going to send every single person to the sales directly to the sales page so that they can either check out or inquire or whatever that CTA is going to be on your sales page and they can get all the information on that one page. Again, reducing that friction so that they can learn everything they need to know and make a decision if it's right for them or not. Sales page bonus training is in Ground Control. The course. So definitely check that out. Watch it.

There's AI tools to help you build your sales page really easily, seamlessly, and quickly. So definitely check that out. So Jane's high-converting launch strategies, daily IDG stories, daily CTAs on stories and threads to her sales page, working in public, like we said, really updating people on her launch stats, what's happening in her launch, DM combos, doubling down on close friends, doing things like going live, keeping it live, launching CRM, which I'm going to talk about more. So hang tight on that daily emails, hitting her full freebie and waitlist at different cadences. And finally incentives for those who sign up early and having an affiliate plan. So people who maybe have joined in the past or past clients to have their own links to hopefully get people to join as well.

All right. So the launch CRM is really important and something I haven't talked about in the past, create a customer, customer relationship management tool so that you know for all these different places that you're messaging to your audience for all these different places that people are coming in and expressing interest. You have somewhere gathered that they're all listed out that you can, you know, have them join and follow up with them and just have like almost one place to kind of check. So check who's clicking on your emails multiple times, check who's in your DMS asking questions. And this is what my CRM says, their name, their interests, their interest level. So I usually say like interested-ish or the people who are like, Oh, I really want to sign up.

Just like give me a day or two or whatever. The last time you contacted them. So are you in the DMS? When have you contacted them? Any objections they have, so what's the most common objections people are saying around not joining if it's like, Oh, it's too expensive. I know that I need to go a lot harder on the outcomes and why like the price is like such a steal for who they're going to be on the other side of the, of the experience. And then I just have a status of whether they've converted or not. So it's a great place to just keep track of who's interested, and it's that 1% that actually does so much of the work because you are actually following up with people and having conversations.

And you're also learning so much, getting so much market research from these conversations. So it's like very mutually beneficial. Okay. Yeah. I don't use, I actually just do it on a Google spreadsheet. So yeah, I've, I I'm making a template for you guys though in Notion. So hopefully that'll be helpful if you want to use Notion, but I just typically use use a good old Google spreadsheet. Someone asked. Yeah. Okay, great. Great! Emily. So the CRMs are really working for your launch. That's amazing. Yeah. It's really, it's like the thing that, if you do one thing, make sure you, I mean, do a lot of these things, but make sure you add this into your daily plan. And here's a social email at social and email schedule. I might recommend for a launch week.

You guys can check that out in the replay, but it kind of gives different kinds of topics that you could potentially touch upon in emails and kind of theme the days. So that's a little bit easier to put your social out. And yeah, making it hot, give your audience easy and obvious invitations to sell. Let's quickly chat about the freebie challenge I have. It's two days, so it starts probably tomorrow for most of you today for me, but I'll do it on most of your time. So tomorrow, basically use the AI tool I sent and I'll resend it and start ideating your lead magnet. Obviously this is for people who don't already have one. Some of you might.

And then, the second day, if you can submit what your freebie is in the freebie channel, so it could just be an outline of what you're thinking, what it's called, what it does, what the format is, so that I can have a look and send any feedback. All right, so your actions are today: start your freebie challenge, create your cold, warm, and hot audience strategies, and finalize your launch plan because this is the final step to, um, getting launched. Um, just a reminder: May 30th is the newsletter growth masterclass for those who are enrolled in it. So, I will, you'll get an email if you're enrolled very soon. Um, launching is never a failure. I know that some people feel like it might be if you don't sell what you want to, but it's always going to move you into a better place with your business, a better place with your audience, um, a more confident place with your messaging, all of that.

Um, don't forget to do it your own way. And finally, launch your own way. VIP summer is happening. So, if you are interested in having me plan out all this stuff with you literally from lead magnet audience strategies, all of that stuff, having me in your pocket as well by a voice note, the court let me know I sent the link in the chat. Um, we have a couple of minutes left for questions, so I think I had a couple more questions up here. Natasha, do you want to ask your question? Where do you start with content creation ideas? Yeah, sorry. I was doing two things at once, writing things down. yeah, so I feel like that's one thing that I'm just like, Oh my gosh, I, my brain just goes crazy when I start this.

So I was wondering if you have like a, a formula. I know some people use like little pillars to guide them on, um, just areas that they want to share. Um, content around before they ideate what that content will look like, and then decide where to share it across all the different channels, email list and whatever. I feel like I just like, I start with one idea on what to share. It might be like educational, for example. Um, and then the other might be a case study or a testimonial, um, around a client and whatever. Um, but I come up with all these ideas on different things to share, um, in this warmup phase. And then I just find like organizing that and like deciding, you know, what is like a nice sequential like manner to share that in.

That makes sense. My audience is just like, Oh my gosh, it's such a shit show. I've just got like stuff everywhere. Like my, yeah, my Figma drawing board is just all over the place. So I was just wondering if you, like when you're planning your launch and you're deciding what content you're going to share, do you have like a, like, what is your, what is your process for that for organizing all your ideas? Yeah. So I have a content calendar in my notion and I have like content conversations, I guess, that I'm going to be touching upon within the launch. So say for launch your own way, it's like launching for squigglies. So, like how to kind of like launch and like follow a plan when it sounds like you as well are very squiggly, um, and maybe a topic that, and then I like kind of break out some different content ideas, within that.

Like how can I talk about that on reels? How can I talk about that on threads? How can I like create an email around that potentially? Um, and I, I ideate and then I create and then I execute. So they're kind of like separate, um, stages. I do leave room for, um, some flowiness within the launch though, because often, um, once I'm in a launch and I'm getting, I'm having those conversations with people, it's very often that I'll be like, oh, that's such a good content idea. Like you'll get content ideas within the launch from your community if you're actually talking to them a lot. Um, so then I just plug those into, into the launch and usually weekly I'll like look at the plan and be like, okay, this still feels aligned.

This doesn't and so forth. But yeah, I have a kind of management tool. Um, I don't actually, oh, so it's a, it's a kind of, um, it's an adapted version of OCR creatives. I don't know if you've ever, um, like, or notion content calendar. I don't even know how to find it. Yeah. I feel like she's got that on the link. Um, like her LinkedIn bio actually, I should go and take a look at that. Yeah. So I definitely would have some sort of a content content planning tool that you, that you start with. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I just, I was like, oh my gosh, I wonder if there's like a formula for this. Cause I just have so much. So I would do my brain.

It's like I'm separating out the processes of content creation. So it's like ideation start there and then it's like, um, creation of that content. So what can you kind of like film and batch and everything and then execution? Oh, hold on my cleaning person's here and it's eight 30. So I'm going to jump off and, um, let her in and, uh, I'll answer any follow-up questions, put follow-up questions in Notion, and I will or not notion Geneva and I will respond to them then. Awesome. Thanks everybody. I better go let her in. Have a good one.

