0:00 Let's warm up your cold ass Instagram audience. Just kidding, doesn't have to be cold for you to be able to do these things.
0:06 But, this is the eight step focus areas. Doesn't have to be steps. Eight areas of opportunity to warm the f*** out of your Instagram audience.
0:18 Alright, let's go. First, consistency. That is what's going to make you want to rage quit this module. Because you're like, okay, I get it.
0:27 I post a few times a week. That's consistent enough. Or, ah, do I have to sell my soul to meta?
0:32 Or, ah, consistency is such a basic concept. Well, are you f****** doing it? Are you doing it efficiently without selling your soul?
0:39 Cause we both know that- You could probably create five pieces of content a week in three hours if you really tried.
0:45 You could probably post on your Instagram stories in five minutes every day if you really tried. So are you even doing that?
0:51 We're choosing rage today. Daily Instagram stories, daily feed posts, Monday through Friday, minimum. Okay. Keep- I'm connected. Show up. Give them a reason to stick around and want to connect with you.
1:06 Next, two-way conversation. Are you even answering DMs? Do you think that the people that are commenting do not care? Don't think twice about your- those people were probably so f****** excited to comment on your post.
1:18 They probably- you probably were the only post that they commented on. And you're leaving them hanging. You're leaving them hanging.
1:25 They're in your DMs. They're engaging with you. They liked your outfit today. And you were like, that's not related to my business.
1:32 Thanks. Imagine you spoke on stage about what you love. And an individual came up to you and they were like, I love your outfit.
1:41 You would be like, oh my god, thank you so much. And they'd be like, oh, also, I feel like what you shared today was great.
1:47 Oh my god, what did you like about it? All of a sudden you're talking about your business, your brand, building a connection with someone.
1:54 It's about giving without an agenda. And it's about connecting without an agenda. When we only are thinking about the agenda, we miss- A huge percentage of connection and opportunity.
2:04 Because we're like, if there isn't an immediate person wanting to buy from me, I will not waste my time. But in reality, the other 50%, whatever percent of people who would buy from you, if you just like talked to them, connected with them, showed you cared.
2:17 Or being neglected, because you don't want to take two seconds to answer, when if they were in person, you would answer them.
2:21 They're not profiles, they're people. Next, use Reels to expose to new eyes, okay? Basic concepts. Really bring in new people if you need to.
2:32 Have like, a series that gets people hooked. A series based off of your industry, your business, your brand, a journey, a framework.
2:48 Now, in your Instagram stories, show behind the scenes, share the journey, transparency, stakeholder effect. Be like, I'm doing this. What do you think I should?
2:57 I should do. I'm building my office. Do you think I should design it this way or this way? You don't think that does shit because it's not an immediate ROI.
3:04 That does so much f****** shit. The connection that you cannot measure with people being invested in your journey is insurmountable.
3:12 Okay. Okay. Focus your marketing on value and story. Telling. So I hate those f****** words. But it's the truth. Okay.
3:22 It's the fundamental thing. Walk through your process, give actionable steps, demonstrate expertise, how to do this, how to do that.
3:32 Here's my story. I actually would remove client lens here. Okay. Um, deep in the connection with people, recurring lives, riff on a recurring life.
3:46 B****. Okay. 15, 20 minutes. Something that is easy for you. Sometimes people are complicated. Insights. Particular area of what people ask you about.
3:57 Key desires. How to sell this out. How to be premium. How to, um, attract a love of your life. How to never think about your ex again.
4:06 Like, what are they really wanting? Create a live about that. Share everything that they need to know. The entire 20 step process.
4:13 Okay. Uh, show social proof. By that, I actually mean just community and connection. We're going to rename that. So, uh, that means the DMs and the comments you get show people are engaging with you.
4:26 Show that there is a community to be a part of. Take screenshots, post them on your script story, say, got this question.
4:32 Got this comment. A lot of people are asking me this. A lot of people are saying this. They all liked my outfit last week.
4:36 Here's the link. Okay? Be a human. That actually does a huge part of sales. It's just like, if you recommend a product and people like it and they buy it, they will actually buy your f****** coaching even if it's Okay?
4:54 Anonymous Q&A's. N-G-L. Is app. You can put the link, put on your stories, get anonymous questions, answer them, build connection with your people.
5:04 Show community. Show people are watching. Show people. This is a part, a brand to be a part of. Build momentum around DMs and two-way conversation and people engaging with you.
5:16 Promote your broadcast channel. you know. Or your group, Facebook group, telegram, say, look, I'm posting all these insightful tips here.
5:24 I have like this behind the scenes of like how I'm building, um. My next. Like, let's say they, they're interested in breakups.
5:35 I'm actually showing you the entire journey of like. Have. I plan all my dates with my partner. How do I get ready for them?
5:41 How do I get ready for dating? Behind the scenes? Whatever. Promote it with excitement. Be like, this is the f****** place to be.
5:48 Hello. Why are you not here? The key here is to give, connect, and create momentum and energy. That's really what's going on.
5:58 And when you can do this with intention, with a strong brand, with strong human-ness, people feeling connected to you as an individual, not trying to be polished.
6:06 Be a f****** human, okay? That's where it all comes down to. And all these are avenues to create content and actions that consistently engage with people on a human level.
