00:00 So we're going to the start of how I approach converting content and what I call the Jazz Media Framework. There's going to be four core portions of this and we're going to talk through each one and there's going to be a lot to think about.
00:16 So I want to just get dive in because it can be overwhelming and I want to make sure I give you guys time to ask questions.
00:24 So here are the four parts that I really focus on in my content and my client's content to make sure that your content is set up for success to drive conversions and reading the chat.
00:38 Okay, so the first is problems, the second is desires, the third is what I call resistors and the fourth is the solutions.
00:45 So these are huge areas to touch on, so that way you've touched on everything that people need to hear to buy from you, everything that people need to hear to understand what you do and how you serve them, and everything that people need to hear to understand how you're different.
00:57 So each of these areas, we're going to dive in more depth. I'm going to give you more context as to what they mean.
01:03 And I wanted to introduce this really early, so that way, throughout the next 11 weeks, you guys have the time to practice implementing them, because it may seem like simple as we go, but it's really going to be when you try to implement and create content where the roadblocks of the troubleshooting
01:20 is going to come up. So So in each of these areas, there are four subparts. So when you talk about problems, there's the real problem, the problem that people assume that they have, the symptoms of that real problem or assumed problems, and then the specific scenarios in which those symptoms and those
01:40 problem manifests into. So it's not as simple as just thinking about a root problem because there's varied levels of awareness.
01:47 And so through thinking through these four sub topics, you're getting through each of the varying levels awareness and each of the various scenarios, which those problems manifest because it's not always clear as clear that the root is the root that's causing everything else.
02:02 The next area is the desires so a lot of people have an assumed or a limited desire that is very surface level but then it's connected to some deeper desire that they're afraid to admit.
02:15 Afraid to want or don't know that's possible. So I like to think about it as an assumed limited desire and then a deeper desire.
02:23 And then there's the probability that they think that that desire is going to happen, right? So there's a lot of limiting beliefs that they have thinking that they need a certain amount of time or it's never going to happen for them.
02:34 And a lot of these things keep people back from buying because they have all these assumptions about how likely something is for them.
02:40 And when you get to tackle that, you really get to unleash them being able to invest with you and and realize that the thing that they want is possible.
02:46 And then there's all the ways they're attempting to achieve that desire. We've talked a little bit about this in our last training, but there was the example where, Cara, I remember we were talking about you helping somebody get a promotion, and instead of them going to career coaching route, you would
03:03 talk about how they need to build their confidence, right? So there's different ways that you can attack a problem and get a desire, and there's different ways that people are trying to get the thing that they want.
03:13 The next is the resistors, so these are all the things that are really important to touch on that make your sales more seamless.
03:20 So people have a lot of misconceptions, assumptions, limited beliefs, and objections when it comes to buying from you, working with you, or even just the industry or space you're in.
03:30 For example, a good one would be in Britney's space where she's helping people with influencer collaborations. A lot of people assume with her that they need to hire her to do the brand negotiations for them.
03:46 But when she talks about how she's done this in her content, how they can actually learn to do it on their own and get even better results.
03:54 And you don't need to hire somebody for a really high price point for handling all your brand deals for a long period of time.
04:00 They realize, oh, that's the thing you're offering and it's not as expensive or as high level of support as I thought and it's actually what I want.
04:08 So there's all these things that people assume about your space that you're probably not touching on. And when you touch on the assumptions, the misconceptions, the things that they believe about themselves and the objections that they would have in a sales conversation and you tackle them in your content
04:20 , you're getting ahead of it. So that way the sales conversations are a lot easier. Year. The next is solutions. So this is kind of obvious.
04:28 A lot of you guys touch on solutions in your content, but not in a way that shows how you're unique.
04:34 So let's say Lena for a solution for building a website, we would touch on how you consider conversion versus how other people just focus on aesthetics, right?
04:47 So it's your unique approach to the solution that you're providing. And then a huge key here is the value of solution in relatable terms.
04:55 And so I break this down in the next slide so you guys don't have to remember everything on brain dumping right now.
04:59 But when you talk about the solution you provide, it's not enough to say something from a high level of awareness like you are going to have a high conversion rate in your content.
05:10 A lot of people don't know what that means. So when I paint the picture of you can get 10 leads from one video or you can make $10,000 from one piece of content, that's the terms that people value.
05:21 Whereas if you use jargon or the high level of awareness or a language that they don't use are unfamiliar with, that solution doesn't seem as valuable to them.
05:30 So the next is your differentiators and your offer. So the differentiators, we're going to have a whole separate training on this because this is really important, but it's everything that makes you different from your background, your experience, the way that you see things.
05:42 And then your offer is all the things that you offer in your programs. So we're going to start with the problems piece and go into each of these in more detail because they kind of build on each other.
05:57 So when it comes to problems just to reiterate, there's the root problem that is usually causing a subsequent amount of other problems.
06:05 So like for me, my root problem is people don't have a content strategy for conversion. They usually are creating content from a point of getting views, getting sales, providing value, telling stories, but it all goes down to one root.
06:22 What they assume the problem is an entirely different thing. So a lot of people assume, based off of terrible information on the internet, based off of the things that they've tried, based off of what they seem to know about the industry or space, that they're not getting enough views on their videos
06:37 , that they need to go viral to make sales that they need to have a certain amount of followers that TikTok is for broke people.
06:44 So there's a lot of people that assume these things. So if I just start talking about you need a content strategy without addressing the things that they assume to be the problem, they will think that what I'm talking about is not for them because I don't have that many followers because I'm not going
07:01 viral so this is not for me. So you need to think about all those false assumptions that people assume. So, you can shed light on, no, it's not this problem, it's actually this problem.
07:12 And that's called problem awareness. But I like to go in way more depth because I think just talking about that is not enough.
07:17 You need to talk about not only the symptoms of the problem, which are all the ways that this problem can be identified, but also the specific scenarios that those problem manifests.
07:26 So, what are those symptoms? What do they look like in everyday life? Because some people don't even know how to see a symptom when they see it.
07:35 So I'm going to give you examples for each of these for what I do, so you guys can have a painted picture when you translate it for yourself.
07:42 So let's say the root problem is you're not getting sales from your content, right? A lot of people assume that the problem is that they're not getting views, that their ideal client is an on-tick talk, that they need to go viral, all those things that I listed, right?
07:56 And there are probably a million problems, people probably I think I'm just not going to talk into the camera. My business is too specific.
08:07 I need to bash create, and I'm not doing it right now. Like all those things that people come up with, there's a million.
08:13 Then you need to think about all the symptoms of the problem. So how can they identify? And how can you help them self-diagnose that that problem is happening for them?
08:21 Are they not making money, not getting leads, not getting clicks, not getting sales? So there are a million ways, again, that each of those problems manifests and symptoms of them, but I don't like to just say symptom because when a lot of people teach problem awareness, they say, okay, talk about the
08:36 symptom. I want you to go deeper. I want you to talk about the specific scenarios that you can paint a picture of so that way people can visualize and self-diagnose exactly that symptom in their life for the people who are at literally zero awareness.
08:51 So this also gives you a myriad of constant ideas because now, one symptom turns into like 10 different TikToks because it's not just you're not getting leads but it's you're not getting anybody applying, you're not getting anybody DMing.
09:05 People are commenting but not clicking on your offers, right? So it's the same symptom but you're just saying it in a million different ways because for some people, they might really resonate with my DMs or crickets but for other people, they might really resonate with not getting applications because
09:21 their businesses run different And just from the way that they're watching content on TikTok and they're constantly sorting and filtering out videos and scrolling through them, one version of that may resonate way more than another.
09:34 So it's all about speaking the way they speak and articulating the problems to the point where they say, that's exactly what I'm experiencing.
09:42 And every single day I get comments from people who say, you read my mind, you're targeting me, this video was made for me because this is exactly what I do is I'll take one symptom of one problem.
09:52 And I'll say it's 10 different ways. So for one person, they felt like one video was made for them and for another person, they felt like another video was made for them.
09:59 So before I go into the next bit. I want you guys to take five minutes and go through one root problem.
10:10 The assumptions of that problem, the symptoms of that problem, and then a few specific scenarios as much as you can.
10:15 And then I'm going to have you guys either say it or put it in the group. So that way you can practice.
10:21 So I'll give you until 22 ESC. So five minutes. And then if you guys have any questions while everybody's working, you can let me know now.
14:25 Hey, Shivani, the message you responded to in the chat. What was it? Because it's saying it's not showing up for me.
14:31 It's showing this exclamation point. I think I also do the millennial pause. It's I think a lot of my clients do it and I have to tell them you have to trim the first few seconds.
14:48 If you're like two seconds and you haven't spoken yet and needs to be trimmed. Okay so I should have written this in the win yesterday.
14:57 Trimmed my video for the first time yesterday. 42 years of existence and I trimmed my video for the first time yesterday.
15:08 Amazing. How did it feel? I was like, whoa, I can do this. I don't have to be like a 25-year-old to do this.
15:16 That's so funny. I'm proud of you. Thank you. Amazing. Okay. So if you guys can type your, a through problem, one assumed problem, one symptom, and one specific scenario this last minute, And I can look at them and then call on people who we can pull up a thread on a little bit more.
15:42 I have a quick question. Yeah. So I had a lot of like the first part of this was really easy, but then now specific scenarios.
15:53 I'm trying to decide like exactly how to dive into them more like I'm not. I think I'm, I don't know if I'm confusing symptoms and specific scenarios or.
16:06 Or yeah, can you tell me some of your symptoms that you have right now? Yeah, so the real problem is not able to land four figured deals.
16:20 Maybe I need to figure out what the root problem is. Anyways, the symptoms are brands are ghosting them. Brands are turning them down when they present their rates.
16:30 No brands are reaching out. Brands are not responding and brands constantly negotiate them down. Yeah, I feel like your symptoms are ready specific enough.
16:41 So that was the reason why I go past symptoms is a lot of people will say symptoms at a really basic high level.
16:48 I feel like yours are pretty specific. If you can even just add like you send 10 brand deal emails a day and you get zero responses like that's way below.
17:01 Yeah. Okay. It's my real problem, not the root problem. So my real problem is not able to land four figure deals.
17:12 But that's like a probably an assumed problem. Like that they aren't possible for them. But then my assumed problem was like that they have low engagement, low fall or count.
17:21 They don't know how to ask for more, not quality. So why are they not able to land four-figure deals because they don't have like the framework to ask for it and ways to provide value.
17:36 So that's more of the root problem. So like my root problem is more of like you aren't able to land four-figure deals because you don't have these things and then the assumed problem are like the low engagement, not enough views, all of that stuff.
17:53 Okay, so I just have to elaborate a a little bit more on the real problem. Perfect. Yeah, no problem. Thanks for asking.
18:01 Okay. So Karen, your root problem is people don't know where or how to start. Your assume problem is it's difficult to start.
18:08 People don't have a following and people think making money online is a scam. That's a good one. The symptoms are, they're overwhelmed with information on TikTok and closed-minded people think they don't have the ability.
18:21 So for your symptoms, I would go even more so to like being more specific. So overall, with information, how so, like the what like for this is with Brittany, we like added numbers and like painted the picture a little bit better.
18:39 So is it, they're constantly bombarded with digital marketing videos that all seem like nobody's actually helping them or something like that gets to that next level.
18:49 Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I'm just trying to digest. No problem. I know it's a lot. Yeah. Yeah.
19:00 Yeah. It's just that a lot of people are bombarded with my courses better. This course is better. This way is better.
19:08 This way is better. It's like just too much coming at them, right? So it's trying to give clarity in the content.
19:17 That quote is perfect. So saying if you're We're constantly seeing videos of people making it seem like their way is better, like that's specific.
19:25 Awesome. Yeah. Thanks. Uh-huh. Some people, they like, they work backwards. Like if it makes more sense for you to start at the specific scenarios and work backwards, that you can approach it from like reverse engineer and you don't have to start at the route.
19:39 But I know a lot of us, these were experts starting at the route is easier because we deeply understand what's causing everything else.
19:45 And then we work backwards to the lower level of awareness where people can only understand understand the things that they see or the things that you can point to in their life before getting to the deeper part.
19:56 Does that make sense? Yeah, yeah, okay. Jasmine, are you able to see my text now? Yeah, you're good. Okay. Okay, so Tracy, the real problem is clients aren't booking sessions.
20:12 They assume that no one is seeing their Instagram posts. A symptom is they have no bookings and scenario is getting ghosted by inquiries.
20:19 Perfect. I know you have an edited one, maybe that was a type of thing. Oh, price too high. Okay, perfect.
20:28 I think both of those assumptions are good. Was there a reason for changing it? Or was that just preference? I think it just felt like it made more sense because if they were getting ghosted by inquiries, they probably felt like somebody was at least seeing their Instagram post.
20:44 Yeah, that makes sense. No, you did it perfectly. So, and also it's been a big T. Oh, oh, I'm going to bother me if I don't point that out.
20:55 The amount of cell I mistakes I make and grammar mistakes is I honestly don't know to tell the people. So that's perfect.
21:02 So if you can take that getting ghosted by inquiries, which you might have already done, and just turn it into a bunch of different ways that that might look that they are getting bookings, but people are not picking up the phone, Right, that they're getting DMs, but then people don't answer the
21:16 next day like each of those is a different way that you can describe it and create a different piece of content based off of the same concepts, because in the end of the day, a lot of what we do comes down to like just a few big things Right, and so it can feel like, okay, I feel like I've already talked
21:31 about all this in my content, but when you start diving into the 10 different ways you can say one thing, then you understand and oh, like it's not about coming up with a million topics, it's about just saying the same thing in a million different ways and trying to resonate with different people's 
21:45 language and messaging and levels of awareness. Okay, Shavani, the real problem is people are unaware of their subconscious limiting beliefs.
21:54 The assumed problem is I'm not livable, I don't matter, I don't care, we're no one cares. The symptoms are unhappiness, increase sales, strain relationships, and specific problems are yelling at kids, feeling unappreciated because they don't know how to set boundaries, is lack of confidence and ability
22:09 to reach your dreams. So the yelling at kids specific problem is perfect, but the other ones I think require a certain level of self-awareness that a lot of people don't have.
22:19 So I would get even more specific scenario for what that would look like in an actual everyday environment that they're unable to reach their dreams.
22:32 Does that mean that they're stuck at the same job for the 10 years? Does that mean they lack confidence because they go into a conversation and they're just asking the other person about their life instead of talking about their own.
22:43 Like what are those, the million ways that those symptoms show up in their life? Does that make sense? Yeah, like seeking validation, failed relationships.
22:57 Even seeking validation. People don't even know that they do that. So it's like, think about if you were to close your eyes And see the scenario of somebody doing the thing.
23:08 What does it look like and how can you describe it to an eighth grade level that's part of my problem and I blame this on English not being the first language.
23:19 I think it's a self awareness like it's a too much knowledge problem right like you are very self aware and so that's how you describe things but a lot of people don't have that and so it's like that's that's I think that's the area that it's coming from.
23:36 Okay, so things like being stuck in the same job, even though you've been unhappy for years. Yeah. Staying in a marriage that's not working out, but you're there because that's all you know.
23:51 Yeah. Going from one relationship to another, but not meeting the person because you don't know that you need to work on yourself.
24:01 But maybe not at the latter part, right? Just jumping from relationship to relationship. Yeah. The desire to control your kids, like feeling like your kids disrespecting you, like constantly feeling like your kid is disrespecting you.
24:18 Yeah, even so far as to say like, you tell your kids what to do when they never listen, right? Like that's an even simple way to put it.
24:26 So yeah, that was a perfect next step. All right, Brittany, your real problem is not able to enforce your deals because they don't have the framework to ask and how to provide value.
24:37 The assumed problem is they need big brands in order to get big deals. That's a good one. The symptoms are that brands negotiate them down and the specific scenario is even starting two times the rate that I want, I can't get them to agree to more.
24:55 Oh, that's a good one. I would even say like, you can paint that in a million different ways too if you want to go extra and be like, You were told instead of charging like $100 you should charge like $200 for a video and they're like backing like they're saying though right like whatever that thing
25:10 that I know there's like common rates that people post I would like use that to your advantage and be like Use that rate in that video and be like oh somebody said to charge 250 instead of 150 for a UDC video or whatever and you tried that and it didn't they didn't agree to it like here's why you know
25:30 but that was perfect. Okay, Kara, go ahead. Okay, I think you kind of helped with Shavani, because we have similar problems.
25:43 But like, my mind, so like, I think it's just like how to organize this because this is like super, it does make sense.
25:52 But then because the outcome I provide is different. So I'm trying to figure out if I categorize like there's like money, there's like purpose.
26:03 There's love and relationships. Like, do I, would it be smart to, like, break that down somehow first? For my, like, I don't know.
26:17 Otherwise, I'm, like, looking at this chart and inputting things, but then I'm getting super overwhelmed of everything. Yeah. So is it overwhelming you that, like, the problems are overlapping or you have too much to say, like, what's the source of overwhelm right now?
26:32 Yeah, I mean, probably too much to say but kind of that overlaps because like the common theme which is probably a specific scenario would be that like they're settling and staying in the environment that doesn't feel good.
26:48 So like that could be a work example of like you're staying at the job even though like your boss doesn't treat you well or that could be like a relationship with like the unhealthy toxic partner or that could be.
27:04 So then I'm trying to figure out like yeah, if I like how I compartmentalize. Okay, so what's the first route that you have?
27:16 Root problem. Well I kind of like I tried to break it up in like for purpose there's kind of like two problems.
27:29 There's either the person who like doesn't really know what their purpose is and they're gonna work with me because they're that's like what they're wanting to find or there's the person who already knows it but doesn't have the confidence and so it's like I'm not good enough is kind of the root problem
27:45 . So I was trying to like split those into maybe two. Okay, so yeah, what I would do instead of thinking about like the topic, don't worry about if it pertains to money or career or relationships or whatever, just think about that core.
27:59 And for you, it's probably going to be like limiting beliefs or like things lacking in themself, right? So like the first thing would be that they lack purpose.
28:09 And then that can show up the specific scenarios could be a few about money, a few about career, a few about, so don't think, don't worry about like if there's a bunch of different areas of their life that you're touching on in the scenarios, they can all mix together because as you know, like within
28:27 themself, the problem is going to manifest in all different areas of their life. So you just think about that core problem, lacking confidence and all the different scenarios that it touches on.
28:36 Does that clear it up? Yeah, I think I was like trying to, I think I was trying to look at my offers first.
28:43 Oh yeah, I'm going to do that. They'll do it through the offers and then everything just got really confusing. Yeah, don't worry about that because you're going to start a video at a specific scenario.
28:54 And then that'll naturally connect to a specific offer if like you're talking about career in one and then like money in another.
29:02 However, you have a laid out. Okay. Yeah. Does that will make it much more easy? Thank you. You're welcome. Yeah, Brittany, we're going to get to that on Thursday.
29:16 So to touch on it, if you want to try it before Thursday, you would start with a specific video because it's like you're kind of coding something that they've said or thought at this point.
29:28 Like people have come to me saying, I've gone thousands of views and literally nobody's DMing me and so I'll start a video and be like if you're getting thousands of views and literally no one's DMing you and it's like, oh my God, I've thought that and I've never heard a video of somebody saying that
29:40 before, you know, so you would just literally start a video at this point and you think you guys can try that.
29:46 If you want to before Thursday because these are all starting points for videos. And then you list out all of the symptoms and then like the assume problem and then tell them like what their real problem is at the end.
30:01 So we'll talk about that too. Like, can you give me, but let me actually look at what you put and see how I would do it.
30:07 So if they are trying to double their rate and they can't get the brand to agree to more, you can say you might think you need to work with bigger brands.
30:16 But it's because you actually just need a framework to negotiate. So yeah, you would touch on the assume problem and then what's the real problem?
30:26 Lena, their website is not SEO optimized and they assume that their audience is only on Instagram and there's too much competition the symptoms are they have no leads website visits engagement on their website and the specific scenarios is that they don't have a lot of website video visitors and the
30:42 visitors are not their ideal audience. So yeah, I would go as far as as to say is what does a lot of website videos look like visitors look like because I've actually worked I had a friend where she was like I put my website up and I had this many visitors.
30:58 I don't know if that's good or bad. So when you say like a lot or not a lot or any of those I don't know what it's called an like grammar, but those things that label us an amount without putting a number on it.
31:10 People can assume, oh, like, let's say if I say you're not getting a lot of inquiries, whereas I'm saying you're only getting 10 inquiries a month, then you understand like what I deem to be a lot and what I deem to be possible, right?
31:27 If you're just saying a lot or not, a lot, people can just assume, oh, well, I have like a thousand visitors on my website, I'm, I have no idea if that's going on.
31:34 And they'll be like, I think that's enough, right? Like, they have no idea. Well, it really depends. So normally they will look at like conversion rates.
31:42 So I like, I know for a fact that like one to two percent conversion rate is considered good. But I mean, just like anything else, you know, like it's not always about the virality.
31:50 Like it's about having people who are gonna apply or buy, right? So it really depends like, like depending on the industry, I guess.
32:01 But yeah, I don't know if that answers the question. So like if you were working with a client, what would you think is a successful, is a successful amount of visitors?
32:09 What would you like them to have even just if they're first starting with their website or whatever? So, again, depending on the industry, like, it would be hard to say, but I think it would also, we would also look at the time the the average engagement is.
32:27 So, like, you know, instead of saying, like, okay, well, you got this many visitors, or like, look, you've got this many visitors, but they spent like five minutes on your website, which is great, and we could also look at the number of pages they spent on, so they looked at your offers, but then right
32:41 after that, you know, we see like an event where it turned into conversion, they ended up applying like on your like application page or your sales page, for example.
32:50 So there's like different metrics that they can look at. And typically when your class comes to you, if they have a website already, do they even know that these metrics exist or have looked at them before?
33:01 So that's something I actually educate in my video tutorials when I do transfer over the website to be really honest with you a lot of businesses that I've designed websites for are begin like not beginners, but they're like kind of new businesses.
33:13 Yeah. So like they don't know yet what's a high amount of traffic, but like I did give them pointers as to like what to keep an eye out.
33:21 Like for example, like I told one client, I'm like if you see that you're getting no engagement on your application page, there's either like a user experience problem or there's something in your wording that's not clicking with the person like you want to attract.
33:32 So like, you know, they keep an eye on that and ever they see that it's not moving, then they reach out to me and then we could fix it or address the situation.
33:39 But again, like in my video tutorials, I offer like guidelines as to how to like make sure everything is optimized.
33:44 Okay, so that quote that you just said was perfect. I would make a video about that if you haven't yet like if you're not getting no engagement on your inquiry form or whatever you said it's either a UX problem or a messaging problem.
33:55 Have you made a video about that. So I'm really glad you mentioned that because it's part of a script that I was actually writing last week when I'm going to be addressing sales pages and like this psychology behind sales pages and colors and stuff and that's actually one of the points that I cover.
34:07 So yes. So you can call out what they think the problem is and say no, it's actually this and just touch on how you do it right for people and how you do it best instead of them trying to figure it out but not tell them exactly what to do.
34:23 That's perfect. All right, Cara, the DMs or messages I have. Yeah, so if you guys have sales conversations, DMs or inquiries from people that literally are them quoting their current reality.
34:43 That's a way for you to get more ideas of specific scenarios to cite because it's them describing to you their current reality.
34:50 So like when I have a sales conversation like that's one of the first things I ask is like what are you currently experiencing and that gives me insight into how people will describe these problems because I don't always describe it the way that they would and it gives me a different variation to try
35:03 . So if you have a lot of DMs or messages or inquiries care, I would definitely use that as well in your scenarios list.
35:10 All right. So let's keep chugging along. So the next is the desires. So the first would be what they think that they want from their limited knowledge.
35:25 And then there's the deep desire of what they really want. So this is another way of saying like what they think the problem is versus like what the problem really is just like a new way of asking you so that way brings out even more.
35:40 And then there's the probability of that desire and how they feel about what they really want. Which in the resistors area, we're going to talk about loading beliefs, which is also connected.
35:48 All this is really connected. It's just a way of asking the same few questions in different angles so we can get everything on the table.
35:55 And then the next is how they've tried to get what they want and not been successful or what they're currently trying now and feeling like it's not working.
36:02 So, for example, for these, the first was a lot of people come to me and they're like, I need more views, I'm stuck at 200 views, yada yada yada.
36:13 I, it's important to acknowledge these because a lot of people will say, well, this is not what they really need, so I'm not going to talk about it.
36:21 But you're like losing a whole bunch of people who are just misguided if you don't touch on this and don't meet them where they're at.
36:27 So you kind of have to touch on the, like, assumption or the misguided kind of intention to bring them to the level of realizing what the actual thing that they want is and how the assumption was not serving them.
36:45 So people really want like $50,000 a month, right? And when they come to me, they want more views. They think they're going to get a few more clients.
36:54 They're probably not seeing much money right now. So you can frame this in a lot of different ways. They may assume that they want $10,000 a month, but they really want like $100,000 a month.
37:02 You can do this in many different ways. But they might want more comments on their content. A lot of people say to me, like, if it feels like nobody cares when I post And like I'm not getting many comments, there's a lot of videos I have that like maybe have one comment But that doesn't really matter
37:18 if the thing you really want is to just grow your business and make more money, right? So It's because I know when I work I ask you guys sometimes are my clients like what do you achieve for your client you frame it in a way from your level of expertise and your level of awareness of what's possible
37:41 , but when you do that it goes over a lot of people's heads because they think that they want or need something else or the thing that you're talking about is not for them or not possible for them.
37:51 So this is a hard thing for me to get across so we can do it with with practice, but you have to think about the probability of that desire.
37:59 So if I made a video like this is how you're gonna make a million dollars from your TikTok content next month You'd like laugh block me like scroll like what I don't know what you're talking about That's that's literally not for me.
38:10 I have no idea what you're saying persons are scammer. I don't know But you have to think about what people like think the probability of that is like even like princess Brittany You get people a lot of money from one brand deal right like literally $50,000 from a brand deal $30,000 from a brand deal
38:23 You have to think about a lot of people think that that's crazy won't have to happen for them that they need a million followers like all of those things that they think around or assume around the desire that they probably haven't even admitted that they really wanted you have to be able to acknowledge
38:40 it in your content right so a lot of people think like making I've had sales conversations with people who tell me like I just want like a few clients and I'll grow slow and steady and then eventually I'll like make $10,000 And I have to tell them like, no, like if you create content that works, you're
38:57 going to get an influx of people really fast and you don't have to grow slow and steady like that's a silly assumption that is keeping you from the thing you really want.
39:05 How do you call out like that deep desire that it is like possible for them, like if someone's like, okay, I'm trying to do trends like if you're talking about that.
39:14 And they're like, it won't happen for me, then how do you, how do you tell them like, no, no, actually it is possible.
39:20 Trying to do trends for, like if you start out your video, like, okay, you're trying to do trends trying to like increase your views so that you learn more clients.
39:30 Yeah, but their idea of like learning more clients is like two or three, but like what you're teaching them makes 50 K months possible.
39:39 So you can do it in a variety of different ways. It's a good question. So like I show receipts and I explain the context.
39:45 So that way they understand. And especially if you talk about the current starting point. So like for you, if you're getting a client a $30,000 brand deal and before they were only getting $1,000 brand deals, talking about that helps people understand, oh, they were in the spot I am now, right?
40:04 If I say, like when I talk about how I hit like a 50k month, I say I was making zero profit in my business before.
40:12 People are like, oh, that's me right now. So that's possible for me. So that's a really good question that I really didn't touch on clearly, so I appreciate you asking that.
40:21 And then you at the end is all the attempts that they've had at the desire. So educational content, tips and tricks, posting and seeing with sticks.
40:31 So if there aren't more questions, I don't know if I can miss anything. I'm going to give you guys a couple of minutes to try this.
40:38 It's going to be a little bit less time, so we can try to get to the next two in like 15 minutes.
40:44 But you guys have two minutes to try the assumed desire, deep desire, probability and the attempt. And I might talk a little bit while you guys type to save time, but you can really start it like the assumed desire.
41:03 You can start at a different point. So you can need to start at the assumed desire and say, if you want more views for your business, so that way you can eventually scale, that's actually not what you need.
41:13 And from the way that I was able to go from zero to 50k months is by X, Y and Z.
41:20 So there's different ways you can do this or if you say, I've made $50,000 in my business this month and it wasn't from getting any more views.
41:28 That's another way to do it. You can start at the attempt. If you're trying to do trends so that way you can get more views and slowly grow your business, that's not what you need to actually hit the 50k months you want, right?
41:40 So you can sequence these things in different ways, but it's all about laying it out and you guys will naturally be able to be like, oh, that's how I talk about it.
41:48 But when you don't see all the different parts, it's kind of hard. So yeah, I'll give you guys one more minute without me interrupting.
42:36 Lena, does this say it's recording on your end or no? It does. Okay, I have no idea if it's going to try to put it onto your device or the clouds.
42:45 I'm hoping it goes to the cloud, but I might have the bugulator. No problem. Okay, thank you. All right, so Tracy, your desire, the desire of your clients is to book more clients.
42:58 The deep desire is to go full time. Perfect. The probability is they think it will take a while and then the attempts that they're trying right now is to post daily on Instagram and then not using any other marketing strategy.
43:15 So it's perfect. Okay. Brittany, so you're this whom desire is more followers. The deep desire is to make money. The probability of desire is to, oh, they only think that big accounts make money and they have to hit 10,000 followers for making money.
43:41 That's a really common thing that I hear too. And then be attempted desire is trends, whatever's popular and blogs. And like get ready with me, get ready with me is probably too.
43:50 And posting multiple times a day. Perfect. Okay, Shavani, they assume that they want respect what they actually want is connection.
43:59 Oh, that's really good. I would make a video being like, You think you want respect from your children, but what you actually want is connection because people might not even realize that that's what they're really looking for, right?
44:17 Yes, I'm using a very deeply personal experiences and example over here. Perfect, no, that's good. That's what I can see through it, but the opposing team can't.
44:34 But I don't know what the probability is, like is it, it may not happen or it'll happen when you become, or you haven't confused on the probability for this one.
44:45 How do they feel about connecting with their children right now? They feel like they're connecting because it's worth it. Okay, they understand that the connection is not there.
45:01 That's very clear. But they keep doing the same thing. They keep repeating the old habits It's in an attempt for a different outcome, because that's all they know.
45:15 So then probably, this is how it has to be done then. Right, is that correct? Well, what I would think is maybe they tell themselves like they're never gonna be close with their kids.
45:30 Okay, and this is my life. I resigned to the current reality. Yep. You're good. It's like, it's like tackling that assumption that they told themselves that makes them not want to fix the problem, right?
45:47 Because when you unveil that the things that they tell themselves and the lies that they tell themselves are holding them back from taking the next step Then they want to work with you because you've kind of removed the roadblock and you make the thing possible But when they don't think that something's
46:00 possible, why would they want to spend money to work with you? Right? Like, if I just started talking about making $50,000 a month, but I didn't tell you guys that what you're trying to do is storytell and educational content and provide value and so you're trying to get views and listening to marketers
46:17 rather than people who know sales, you probably wouldn't have worked with me because you've assumed you're trying everything and it's not going to change.
46:25 But when I show you all the problems and the missteps, then it's like, oh, this is possible for me and I just have to change these things right yeah okay so another probability could also be like I just don't understand like we're from different cultural background so it's not going to happen for me
46:44 okay perfect so Karen the oh wait I missed Rachel the assumed desire is to gain sales leads online the deep desire is to build a community online that generate sales leads to conversion reduce the amount of time on traditional outreach perfect.
47:04 Probability is that it's not possible for me on social platforms are not a real solution that can replace aspects of my sales cycle.
47:09 I love that ending of what people perceive social platforms for versus what it can do for them because that's a huge misconception.
47:17 And then attempts at the desire is shares company posts commenting on popular posts of influencers who are exposure sharing field of content with us.
47:24 You're out of gene place. Amazing. Good job. All right, Karen assume that they want to make a few hundred dollars extra month.
47:33 The deep desire is to replace their income to get rid of their nine to five perfect. Probability is afraid of failure and the attempts are consuming content.
47:43 Also the probability is also a lot of people assume you need to like be good with certain things with social media or have a certain amount of followers or whatever.
47:55 And then the attempts are consuming content and going to Google, but it will take years to learn that way as there's no framework.
48:02 Perfect. Good job. Is this all click in before we keep going? I think everybody's phenomenal. So the resistors. A lot of these came up in the last two where we talked about what people are assuming what they're trying, the probability that they think they think of the thing.
48:24 But again, more questions so you can dive more into this. So the misconceptions is a lot of what other people teach.
48:33 So like when I call out providing value, doing a hook and call to action and all that other stuff. What do they think is correct?
48:42 That's not the assumptions are all the things they assume to be true. So I think this sounds the same, but there are like underlying beliefs that people have, like let's say about social media that are not things that are taught, but just things that they inherently believe based off of conditioning
48:57 or the stigmas that people have around whatever industry is based. So you have to think about all the assumptions. Maybe that websites are expensive and we kind of talked about some of them, but the limiting beliefs are that all the things that is holding them back that they don't even realize.
49:15 So thinking they're not good enough, thinking that'll they don't have what it takes whatever ways that those manifest in your industry or space.
49:24 And then the objections are all the things that would happen in a sales conversation. We're going to have an entirely separate training just for this because this is really important, but this is the things that are holding them back from investing in what you offer.
49:36 So the examples for these are and we're kind of running out of time. So I'm just going to go through the last two fast and you guys can do them and then we can talk about it more on Thursday.
49:46 The misconceptions The exceptions could be that they're providing value that brings clients, providing value brings clients. They think they need to post three times a day.
49:53 I get this question every day, but they think their account is too old or too new to get the results they want.
50:00 As such, this could be the views equal sales. People don't even say that, but it's just a thing that people think, and they think that tick-tock is for like Gen Z, people who don't have money.
50:10 Limiting beliefs is they are not good at talking to the camera. I don't know what to say. Know what cares what I have to say, all of those like really deep emotional things that people believe about themselves.
50:21 And then the objections are a lot of the things that you're going to see in your sales conversations. If you don't have them, we're going to talk more about how you can identify them before those conversations, but your results won't work for me, like your special or your clients were special, or I'm
50:35 special. You don't understand my problems, my problems can't be fixed with what you're teaching. I'm experiencing something different than everybody else.
50:45 It's not worth the time to invest in this, like all of those things that people think. So the last part is the solutions.
50:54 So you want to talk about your unique approach, your differentiators, your offers, and the value of all of that in terms that people can understand and use.
51:05 So for these, my unique approach is that I use sales psychology. I go past just problem awareness and agitation, which a lot of people teach.
51:13 And I really break it down into smaller steps. I don't focus on storytelling and I don't tell you to have to mention your programs or offers or do calls to action in your content.
51:21 And then my differentiators is that I've had like five figure months with less than 10,000 followers. I have years of successful TikTok content experience.
51:31 I have a systematic approach for my engineering background like all those things that make you different. It's kind of like your unique approach.
51:37 I just ask it two different ways because it just brings out more answers. And then all of your offers, you can list them and then the last is the value in relatable terms.
51:47 So instead of saying like I'm going to increase your watch time, which TikTok prioritizes watch time, and that's how you get better views is how many people are watching till the end of your video.
51:59 A lot of people don't know that. So I instead say if you want to go past 200 views, because if I say if I want, if you want to increase your wash time, nobody knows why that should matter to them or what that actually means for them.
52:11 So you have to think about what they value, what they're currently looking for, and taking the thing that you are doing for them and the solution and putting it in the thing that they say that they want and reversing it.
52:24 So I know we don't have any more time. So on Thursday, we're going to talk about this more. And if you guys have any questions before then, as you do the rest of the activity on your own, please ask, I'm here, I'll be monitoring, and I know there's things in the chat, finally, plucking.
52:40 Perfect. So if there's anything you guys put in the chat that I missed, feel free to put it in the community too.
52:47 I unfortunately have another call.  0:00:00 Hello. Good morning. Good morning. How are you? Good. Good. How's your day gone? Good. Good. Okay. I I post in this, but I also wanted to tell you the video about Millions mindset, the one that I couldn't watch them because I was not on Chrome.
0:00:31 As somebody who's constantly, I don't even try to like do this but I'm constantly so tuning to how people come across.
0:00:41 That was you like in your element that effortless confidence that you exude in their video and when you like talk about things it's very empowering and attractive to watch like in all around self life.
0:01:00 I appreciate that Thank you so much, Giovanni. Yeah, and I'm like, I don't, like I said, I don't even try to, but I think this is just something that I do.
0:01:08 I'm constantly, I don't want to say judge people, but like, observe. And it was, it was very, I don't know, it was really good to see.
0:01:17 Thank you. That makes me really happy to hear. I appreciate that a lot. I used to not be that way in front of the camera.
0:01:26 Like years ago, I used to post a lot on Instagram. I used to do fitness content, and I watched those videos back, and I'm not making eye contact.
0:01:39 I look really unsure of myself. So it took a while to get to this point, and so I was trying to think of what I wished I knew sooner, and the things that are tangible that got me to that point.
0:01:53 So I appreciate you saying that a lot. Yeah, I mean, the experience of going through the process and making it uncomfortable, I think has paid off for you.
0:02:06 Definitely, like, trust worthy look, like, that type of confidence, like, not a care in the world, like, you know, not in a bad way, but like, you, it doesn't matter to you what anybody else thinks about it.
0:02:18 You know what you're talking about. Yeah, I appreciate that a lot. That means a lot to me. I hope I hoped that I was coming across that way in my content, so hearing it makes me happy.
0:02:28 Yeah, amazing. Okay, so I think I admitted everyone and I have more, I guess, next steps, but I know we kind of rushed last time through the end because we didn't have as much time as I'd hoped, but I wasn't sure if you guys had any questions around the last few slides that we skipped through before
0:02:54 I go into next kind of steps of how to like take this and turn it into pieces of content. So do you guys want to talk through the resistors or solutions?
0:03:03 Are there any questions you guys have that you want to talk through first? Can we talk through the resistors and solutions please?
0:03:11 Sure yeah okay so let me start from this slide back here. So the most important thing for resistors is this is what's going to tackle the things that are holding people back from buying typically.
0:03:30 So it's all of the misconceptions of what they think is correct or isn't correct in the space or industry or niche that you're in.
0:03:39 So a lot of people have preconceived ideas. They see other people's content that are in your niche and so they have misinformation.
0:03:46 Information. They have ways of doing things that they think are right. They have things that they've solidified as truths that aren't.
0:03:54 And so going through the misconceptions is really important. And so like that's when I create videos around like storytelling and tips and tricks.
0:04:02 Like people think that that's what you need to do to sell on tech talk. Right. But it's not. So for each of you, there are misconceptions in your space that tackling them.
0:04:12 We'll help people see like not only what they're doing wrong but what makes you different and how you differentiate yourself.
0:04:18 The next is assumptions which are similar but sometimes assumptions are things that people don't even realize that they have in terms of like they think that views equal sales right like that's something that people say but something people assume.
0:04:32 So you want to think about what are those assumptions that they naturally have around websites around confidence around brand deals around photography around mindset right like you want to think about what are the things that people have assumptions about and you can even think like when you talk to
0:04:49 somebody about your business that's not even a client like even like a friend or a family or a stranger like what do they assume about the space that you're in you know like what are those things that people just say or think That you probably feel like your customers don't think that but often they
0:05:05 do because they don't have the level of awareness that you assume that they do and giving them. Instead of giving them the benefit of the doubt try to think like worst case scenario what are they assuming about your space.
0:05:15 The next is limiting beliefs and that's just like the personal things holding them back about what they believe about themselves about their business about the thing that they're looking to do what they think is possible or isn't possible for them.
0:05:26 And then the next is objections, which is really important for making your sales process more efficient. So, people have certain objections when they come talk to me, for example.
0:05:37 Like, it's, they have to think about it. They think that their business is special. They think that they need like something super tailored and customized to them and that what I teach doesn't apply to them.
0:05:48 So, like, those things that come up in sales conversations that you can kind of We'll have a whole separate training on this.
0:05:55 You can get ahead and tackle them in your content. So if you have one sales conversation, I know Brittany, you're having a lot of sales conversations right now in your DMs, take the things that people are saying, which you kind of did in your stories a little bit already when I responded to them, and
0:06:09 turn it into an Instagram story, a TikTok, whatever space you're handling people in, and tackle the objection directly. So you'll get ahead of having that conversation with people, they'll see your video, And they'll either be turned off and be completely not want to talk to you, which is good because
0:06:26 you didn't even want to work with them anyway, or they'll overcome it through your content and then not even bring that up in the conversation because people will come to me and they're like, oh yeah, I know educational content doesn't sell and I know that like my business just doesn't have a core marketing
0:06:40 strategy like they watch my videos and they come to me with informed things that they've seen in my content. So when you tackle it directly, it makes it process way more efficient rather than you having to keep like but bring them up to speed in a way.
0:06:54 So I have more tangible examples. I kind of went through them as I've spent through this, but for misconceptions, what I've seen in my space is people assume that providing value brings clients that they need to post three times a day is like a huge narrative, and that their account is too old or too
0:07:11 new to get the views that they're looking for. Some assumptions is that view equals sales and that TikTok is for broke people that are like Gen Z.
0:07:23 And I'm reading care, I'm reading your comment. Even when I first started check talks, I binge a few of them and you immediately covered all my assumptions, misconceptions.
0:07:31 Yeah, so that's what's the difference between content that sells an educational content, right? Because if I had just told you, you need to use sales psychology, you need to differentiate yourself.
0:07:40 It's like, okay, but like, you still have those objections that are holding you back from clicking the link to work with me.
0:07:46 But that's like what brought you guys here is me directly tackling them and that activates people because all that shit that's holding them back in their head like I pinpointed and I quoted and I called out, right?
0:07:59 So that's what makes content super powerful and super activating is calling those things out. And then also you probably felt heard and seen when I called those things out, right?
0:08:12 You're like, oh, she understands me. She understands what other people probably didn't and when when you were shopping around and looking at other coaches.
0:08:21 So that's why I had no objections and wanted to pay immediately. I needed this reminder, because I was in education mode for so long.
0:08:27 And that's like the thing is, you can sit, this is like a side detour, but the thing is that a lot of you guys, and a lot of people will come to me and they're like, I like educating my audience.
0:08:37 I like providing value and I'm like, okay, I get it. I get that giving them all of the solutions and the tips and tricks can feel good and it feels like you're helping people, but it's not gonna be as much help as if they're, as if they were in your world, right?
0:08:51 When they become a client, when they become part of the transformations in the offers you have, that's when you really help them.
0:08:56 Like, that's when you really provide value. And people just need you to tackle like those limiting beliefs and those objections so they could take the step to transform their lives.
0:09:05 That's what's really going to help them and bring them to the next level. So in terms of objections, a lot of, or I guess, limiting beliefs I didn't touch on is people think that they're just not good in front of the camera or like they're not meant for TikTok or they're business is not good for TikTok
0:09:19 or they're business is just going to grow slow and steady and they're not going to hit the monetary goals that they've set for themselves and then for objections they often think just like what I teach isn't going to work for them that they're special that they're business is special and then I don't
0:09:32 understand their problems. So when you guys see this list what are if you want to put in the chat the I think I would like to hear the a misconception or assumption and then an objection from each of you in the chat so I can see where you guys are at with this.
0:09:53 So I'll give you a couple of minutes to do a misconception or assumption and then an objection and then I'd like to look to see what you guys have.
0:11:28 Oh, Shivani, for this activity, do like for your business, like what your potential clients misconceptions and objections would be. Okay, Cara, the misconception is talk therapy will help me solve my problems.
0:11:43 Or another one is that it will take ages to make changes to their life. Yeah, I like to talk therapy one because it's really specific and tangible.
0:11:50 And then objection is I tried other things and it didn't work. I'm worse off more stuck than your other clients.
0:11:57 Okay. What, what do they think like, is the reasoning for why they're worse off than other people? Hmm. Just that they're usually like, when they start working with me, they usually have like very limited mindset.
0:12:16 So like, their limiting beliefs are like, fall on. And so it's just like always thinking that they're the problem or like, there's something wrong with me, right?
0:12:28 Like that it's them. And I don't know how to say that like it's very much like a victim mentality, but they wouldn't identify or know that it's a victim mentality.
0:12:39 Yeah. So if you had to like quote how they would describe themselves, what would that look like? Like, you mean just like saying like I'm just not good enough or like I'm just not.
0:12:57 Yeah, or like nothing seems to work out for me right or those things that people say because I've no people like this and they just think that they attract terrible situations and that nothing ever works out for them right and that they're the problem so I would think about all that I think that's like
0:13:14 a specific type of person that you work with and like all the things that they say when they come to you and starting a video from that point of being like if you think X, Y and Z like if you think that you are the problem or like nothing works out for you or like you just have like the worst luck or
0:13:31 whatever quote that they have. So that way they feel like you're speaking directly to how they think. Okay that's perfect.
0:13:38 Thank you. Sure. All right, Brittany, misconceptions, they need more experience assumptions is that followers is more money and objections. I've tried out the program.
0:13:49 Why would other programs not have worked for them? Like how do you handle that. That's one that I've been trying to figure out a little bit more of I think the other one I just added to is that like I've been trying everything like I've tried pitching I've tried like all the things that you talked about
0:14:04 and they just didn't work and I think a lot of it is people will buy like a pre-recorded program so they can't like get feedback or ask questions which is a big difference in my program and then other times people just buy like pitching templates but they have no real context or information about
0:14:26 like how to customize them for themselves or like how to figure out what their value is. Yeah so I would create a video saying if you've tried everything to get brand deals from taking programs and courses trying the script templates it's pitching the brands every day.
0:14:45 And you're not seeing results. It's because you've never been taught how to customize pitching and negotiation to you in your personal brand or whatever.
0:14:52 So I think that's the common thing is people haven't had the direct help from you because you recognize that it's more nuanced than other people teach.
0:15:00 And being able to highlight that you have that deeper understanding, just like I do in my content, like I highlight how I'm different because I help you on calls work through this stuff, right?
0:15:09 Like I help you. There's no like script for a TikTok that's gonna make you money like it's all about the stuff that we're doing right now Yeah, I think just translating that you did it in your Instagram stories a bit But even just doing a full text talk about that would be great Okay And with that like
0:15:24 with the objection I guess you're gonna get into the video formats the video format that you shared on Monday it was super helpful because I just made like a huge list of everything and then Through it into the format and it was really easy to record perfect Okay, that sounds great.
0:15:40 Yeah, I have some sequences that we can talk through after this. I want to make sure that I don't rush through this part too.
0:15:45 So. All right, Tracy misconception is that photo clients only want digital files. Oh, that's a good one. And then the assumption is they only want to pay 250 or my area doesn't have the money.
0:15:56 That's another really good one. And then your business is in a city that has plenty of money. Yeah, so have you made videos talking to these misconceptions and assumptions before?
0:16:09 I actually haven't and I don't know why. Cool, I feel like you have a lot of really deep understanding of this because of your experience in your industry and all the clients you've worked with.
0:16:19 So I would pull the thread really heavily in your content and start making videos that start with this and saying like if you think this, if you think that like it's as easy as starting with from that point.
0:16:28 And then educating them on the truth and how like for I guess for the second one why do people assume that people in their area don't have money is it just because they're not marketing themselves effectively?
0:16:41 Yeah pretty much and especially as they don't have either they don't have money themselves or they've just never paid that for themselves so it's their own limiting belief about money.
0:16:52 Yeah that's a good point so you can make two separate videos of the first is they don't believe that they can make that kind of it money or you can combine it either one and then the second one would be like I don't know how to market themselves effectively and for that one I would like say to client
0:17:07 story of being like I had a client that thought I believe that whatever random place in Kansas had no money and then they made like six figures that year right right yeah yeah okay cool cool because a lot of people probably see your stuff and they're like oh that sounds great but it won't work for me
0:17:22 right like I think that's a big problem you're probably seeing on the TikTok side So yeah, for sure. And the other thing is like, I see that my studio is in St.
0:17:34 Louis, but it's literally because I didn't feel like moving my studio. It's not because I couldn't do it. I just didn't.
0:17:41 That's a good point to the site, too. Yeah. Cool. Thank you. Yeah. All right. Shavani, misconceptions. I don't need coaching.
0:17:50 Nothing is wrong with me. And this is how life is, this is how life is is a good one. I can't connect with this coach.
0:17:56 Yeah. And then assumption is I don't need to pay money to learn these things. Oh, that's a good one. So what would you say to somebody that thinks that they don't need to pay money to learn how to improve like their how they live in their mindset?
0:18:11 I guess there is a ton of information out available out there but how to implement in your life like tailor made for you will take the time which then I guess the client gets to decide if they want to spend the rest of their life figuring it out.
0:18:30 Yeah, I was going to say the waste of time is a huge one, right? So that's a great point that that I would touch on.
0:18:39 It's inciting. I think in your scenario too, like the area that you're experiencing is like building more authority in your space.
0:18:47 So if you're going to tackle like that people don't need money to learn these things, you want to like a strong reasoning of like if you don't want to waste time, I guess like for how you learned, this is a good question.
0:18:59 Did you teach yourself or like what was, how did you get to where you're at? I'm all self-taught. I mean, I went to J.
0:19:07 Shetty certification school but I have a psychology background from like, you know, higher education, but the personal development, all this is mostly self-taught.
0:19:21 But it took you a while, right? Since I was 23, I'm 42 now. Yeah, so you say it's gonna be two decades and I'm literally boiling it down for you so that way you don't have to waste the two decades I've wasted, not wasted, it's not a waste.
0:19:33 No, but yeah. Making more efficient, right? Mm-hmm. Yeah, so that's where I would go with that one. Okay. And I didn't know what to put for limiting beliefs and objections.
0:19:42 I think I'm gonna lost on the resistors. So for limiting beliefs, a lot of what you put in like your misconceptions is like, I can't.
0:19:57 Nothing is wrong with me. It's like a limiting belief probably. And what they believe about themselves like nothing is going to change like people don't change.
0:20:08 Right. I'm not worthy. This is my parents wear. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, just thinking that things can't change or they're family dynamics can't change is like a huge thing.
0:20:26 Lena, misconception is a website navigation is confusing assumption is click funnels is better for conversion objection. I make good money through DMs.
0:20:37 Oh, so click funnels. Have you made a video calling them out? Not yet, but it's in the program. You love white?
0:20:44 It's part of my content because when I was scrolling through Instagram, I fell on a sponsored post and it was literally the girl being like, who wants to go on a website like navigation is so confusing and I'm just like, well, who was your web designer?
0:20:56 Like, I was just, I felt like it was like a, not like a, what is it called? Anyways, I couldn't like reach out to the person because I was like ready to like started the bait, but anyway, but yeah, it's part of my content.
0:21:10 I would stitch that video if you could have. I don't know if you could stitch a sponsored pose. I don't know.
0:21:16 But or if anything, I'll just like record it with like my, you know, like when you just record it and like, you know, yeah, that's a good one.
0:21:24 So I would do that. And then do another one about like calling out click funnels and saying that if you're creating a click funnel before creating a website, like, I don't know why people assume that other than for conversion or like, maybe they think it's cheaper.
0:21:37 Is that what they think, too? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I think it's just because they don't know, I think it's because they're lost in the whole web design process.
0:21:45 And that's what I want to kind of give them more clarity around without giving free information. It could be simple as this and compare it to click funnels and why would you aim for something so much smaller when you could have, why are you gonna go through the loaf of bread when you could have the 
0:22:00 bakery? You know what I mean? Yeah. I can't, I can't, that's the whole advocate for this one because I am thinking about getting rid of my website and just using Kajabi.
0:22:12 And really for like for this is like one type of client, right? For me, I don't really use my website at all.
0:22:19 And I use like everything in Kajabi right now. And so I don't have the time to dedicate to a website.
0:22:24 And so obviously that's where like a web designer would come in. But it's just something just another like factor. And it's easy to customize more versus like the WordPress one that I have, I don't know how to use it.
0:22:36 I hate, I hate using it and it like is frustrating and it never works the right way. I'm just going to try show it.
0:22:45 That's all I got to say. WordPress is really cool. Show it is like Canva honestly. It's so, really just so much better.
0:22:52 And if you're comfortable making a website, it's going to be a lot easier to to customize. No, I will definitely be hiring that out, but that's at least for you now, but just a two cents there.
0:23:04 Yeah, of course. Thanks for sharing that. I appreciate that. That's helpful. So what I was thinking too is us having one of our trainings into each person talking a little bit about their business and then each of you, like putting in the chat, what assumptions that you have about that space.
0:23:20 Do you guys think that that would be helpful? Like let's say if Lena talks about a little bit about websites and how they're useful and then all of us put in the chat like why we wouldn't invest and why we think it's like not for us.
0:23:32 Do you think that that would be helpful for you guys to see? Oh yeah. Okay. Because I think that would treat like the low level of awareness clients like because all of us are not like typically we're like all drastically separate spaces and we're not each other's like we're not like buying for that
0:23:50 thing right now so I feel like we'd be able to touch on that really heavily so we can do that like next Thursday I'm thinking.
0:23:56 I used to use ClickFunnels so I can totally give some of my beliefs assumptions for it. I got totally sold by their marketing.
0:24:02 Do you want to talk about it a little bit so that way Lena can hear? Yeah. I mean definitely kind of similar in the sense of like I didn't know how to properly really used my website.
0:24:16 And so I wasn't going to get traffic to it. And I had built one and I didn't succeed at really running anything to it.
0:24:25 And so then I started getting all the click funnels ads. And for me, it was like because they just, they really make it look like everything's so complicated otherwise.
0:24:36 And that their system is like so simplified. Even though it might not be, and it's still, you still need to know how to properly run traffic to it, so it's actually no different.
0:24:50 But I can like, think on it more, but probably, yeah, I definitely lots of limiting beliefs around actually like having a website properly and like having it convert in the right way.
0:25:05 And even though ClickFunnels doesn't magically solve that, they market as if they do so it like totally sold me to think like that's actually the magic pill and the missing piece that's going to suddenly bring all these things in and it didn't.
0:25:25 Yeah. So thanks for sharing that, Cara. So Lena, I would make you when you call out click funnel like literally quote, Cara, I'd be like if you were sold on click funnels because your website wasn't working and you thought it was going to fix all the problems of you not getting the traffic and the conversion
0:25:38 you want like this is the truth, right. I think that there's a trend here of there's even just two people on this call of people who have the websites already And are trying to look for another solution because it's not serving them the way that they're hoping so I think creating content with that audience
0:25:54 in mind is probably going to be great because it's going to be business owners who are ready are like willing to invest in another solution or actually looking for something because the prior investment is not turning away they hoped.
0:26:05 So creating content with that perspective could target people in that area, you know, okay, cool. Let's move on to solutions.
0:26:22 So solutions is important to articulate in terms of not just what your answers are, but why they're different, why they're important and why they matter.
0:26:32 So you want to think like what your unique approach is so like we've talked about already on this call like some of you customize what you teach in a way that other people don't What are the ways that make you different from everybody else in the ways they've tried before and then can you articulate
0:26:48 your differences in ways that matter so when I talk about using not creating educational content for instance. I make sure that you realize it matters because it's going to bring you more sales.
0:27:03 If you just talk about all your different people don't understand what it means to them. You're kind of like still missing the mark.
0:27:09 So for your unique approach, for instance, for me, I say don't do storytelling. You don't really need CTAs to sell.
0:27:17 I have clients that remove CTAs that are making around like 8K a month and they have the same amount of sales when they're using sales psychology.
0:27:27 And so I call out the things that are unique about me and my content, but I connect it to why it matters.
0:27:33 So getting viewers to go for your offers, getting people buy in from one video, getting past 200 views, and then a differentiating thing.
0:27:43 And I want to make an entire list of a training about this too, is turning your seemingly, your seeming weaknesses, like the things that people would perceive as a weakness, So you think is a weakness into a strength is really powerful.
0:27:55 So like for me, people try to bring me down and say, like, why would I listen to you about TikTok when you only have 8,000 followers?
0:28:02 Right? But I turn it into a strength by saying, like, I've made tens of thousands on TikTok with having less than 10k followers.
0:28:10 So you taking the things that people perceive as a weakness from you looking at you and your content and whatever else and turning it into a strength could be really powerful because that could be the thing that's holding them back.
0:28:21 Right? If people look at my videos and they're like, okay, she's great, but I'm considering working with, there's people come to me on the calls with the same like three names of other people who are thinking about working with.
0:28:30 But they're like, well, they have more followers, they have more of whatever. And then they see a direct video of me saying like, this is a strength because I know how to sell so much more strongly, because I don't need the large audience, then you see how that weakness turns into a strength, right?
0:28:45 And then how that's even more powerful, and you can really differentiate yourself. So that's like a very big idea that we can do an entirely separate training, but I want to plant that seed of you guys when you call out higher different of showing how even things that people, because the perceived weakness
0:29:02 might be something that people are actively thinking, like I know with me, that's something that people are actively thinking when they look at my following.
0:29:09 And then just converting it to invaluable terms. So, if you guys want to put a unique approach, a differentiator, some of them may overlap, like these are like very similar ideas, and then the value in relatable terms for the next two minutes.
0:29:28 And then we're going to go on to putting it all together after this. All right, Shivani, unique approach. I've tried these things on myself.
0:32:01 It's science, psychology, back, and you've done 20 years of studying. Yeah, so I would even say Shavani, like that's a perceived weakness of being like, yeah, I'm not like a psychologist, but I've done 20 years of doing the thing myself, you know.
0:32:16 You do have a psychology background, but I'm not like a therapist, right? But I've done 20 years of learning and experiencing what you felt and what you're feeling now.
0:32:25 And I'm sorry, feeling more peaceful, less stress, existing, more living. Okay, good. And then Brittany, unique approaches is customization and you differentiate yourself by what's the agency side of things because you have your agency right?
0:32:45 Yeah, I need to figure out how to use that more but it's such a it's such an under I guess I just don't emphasize it a lot but like I'm negotiating every day I'm pitching I'm like talking with brands every single day of the week so it's just like my level of experience.
0:33:02 I would create a video on TikTok and being like this is when nobody's gonna tell you because I'm on the agency side, and I'm literally seeing what's going on behind the scenes with brands and so just make it sound like you have the team.
0:33:12 And I think people would love that because there's like the huge UGC community and influencer community on that side of people talking about it from the other side of things.
0:33:22 I know, I really feel like that's so overdone so I've kind of like taken a back seat to that messaging of like, oh, I know what the brand side is.
0:33:33 And I'm like, yeah, I do know what the brand side is, but I guess I just need to say it because it's not the people that need to see it from me, need to see it.
0:33:41 You feel like what okay, the overdone stuff and what you've seen, do they say things that are different than what you would say?
0:33:52 Sometimes yeah, sometimes it's the same messaging though but again like sometimes I think that what I need to do and try though is just try it because people might need to hear it from me in order for it to click.
0:34:06 Like I might get there six person that tells them. And then they're like, oh, I get it. And you, yeah, you might say it in a different way.
0:34:13 You might have a different opinion than the one that they saw. And I also think even if you feel like something is overdown in your space, like for me, I know like there's some stuff I see a lot on my like content strategy side.
0:34:28 But then I realize that like not everybody's on your side of the platform. Like not everybody. It's not as overdone as it feels like, you know.
0:34:36 Yeah. I like them. Yeah. All right. Tracey, unique approach is no Facebook ads and differentiators is fully booked out without them.
0:34:46 And then for your value, you booked them without the ads and the build the business you want. Yeah. I would call that out and being like, this isn't a million dollar photography business model that uses Facebook ads.
0:35:03 And I have been trying to do that and I get a lot of beans and comments about that and emails even so they appreciate that.
0:35:12 Yeah. What's like the downfall. Facebook ads are expensive. Is that what it is? Yeah, a lot of my clients are spending so much on Facebook ads that they're not like actually paying themselves like I had one client who came to me paying $35,000 a year on Facebook ads and she was paying herself $20,000
0:35:32 . So, I would make a video about that person. You don't have to, do you have you done that on TikTok?
0:35:37 I have, but it's probably been a while. Okay. Yeah, so I would remake it and start with, if you are spending so much on Facebook as you're hardly paying yourself, like I had a client that was spending this much and was paying themselves this much or not at all, and like just start with that frame of
0:35:53 reference and yeah. Okay, perfect. Yeah, and I get a lot of, like I have somebody who's joining my new program who she said she's paying Facebook and not paying herself right now, so that's why she joined the program.
0:36:07 Yeah, it's probably a huge market and that's people who have money and they're just misguided, like not spending it in the right way, right?
0:36:13 Yeah, and there's like two or three photography educators that push that same business model and they all do it the exact same way, but it's just like three different ones doing it and so yeah they go through that program and then come to me to help me so that I can help them fix it although it's kind
0:36:34 of a pain too because we have to wean them off Facebook ads and then they're like oh my gosh I'm not making any money anymore yeah but they're actually profiting more yeah yeah sorry to interrupt you I was going to say let's talk about that on our call and go and think about this because I think That
0:36:52 should be a core theme of your content, honestly. Yeah, I do because I think that that will attract the people that I actually want.
0:37:00 Exactly. OK, Lena, the approach is using design intensives and your differentiators is beautiful strategic websites with fast turnarounds and your offers website and a day website and a week.
0:37:14 Cool. No, that sounds good. All right, so I'm going to jump to the next bit because I want to get through some of it.
0:37:24 So this is like all the main factors we've kind of talked about. Your pain points, your solution, the symptoms, your offers, the root problem, the desire, the transformation, the misconceptions, objections like this is just the list of everything we've kind of covered.
0:37:36 So you can see how when people talk about problem agitation solution because that's a common thing people teach or attract warm and convert like it's not enough.
0:37:45 Like this is this is so much more in depth and it gives you the tangible application right so that's why I just teach differently because I don't think that the surface level structure is giving entrepreneurs enough guidance and questions to be able to dig deep and get to the nitty gritty of what actually
0:38:04 drives sales. So, before we get into sequencing your content past this, the key is to success in your content is getting straight to the point because a lot of you guys are calling out shit in your industry, you're calling out why you're different, you're saying things that are setting you, that are
0:38:24 going to trigger people, that are going to make people feel like you don't know what you're talking about. I get this all the time.
0:38:31 People, when I start talking about the things that we've outlined in terms of what makes me different and what the common misconceptions are in the industry, I get it a lot of hate, right?
0:38:40 But the only way to activate people is to kind of get into that territory because social media and your industries are all saturated and you kind of have to disrupt the space you're in.
0:38:53 And the only way to do that is to have zero fluff in your content and get straight to the point not only because it's going to be more effective for sales, but also for views as well.
0:39:03 I see like some of my clients, they tiptoe around what they want to say. They take a while to get to it.
0:39:08 They're afraid to hurt people's feelings. They're afraid to call people out. But being bold and confident, calling it like it is is the way that you're going to cut through the noise, get people to stick around and listen to you and get people to want to buy from you.
0:39:19 So, I want you guys to make your content hard hitting and don't shy away from the hot takes and hot opinions you have because honestly the most hate I've gotten to my business is the most money I've ever made in my business.
0:39:32 So you kind of have to go into that territory to be seen as somebody who's worth spending money with because you're not afraid to share your honest opinions and people respect and appreciate that, right?
0:39:43 So number four is front loading your content with specific resonating with information. So that's kind of what we talk about meeting people where they're at, and I'll show you what that looks like is the beginning of your video should really be meeting people at the level of awareness there at quoting
0:39:58 them with how they would describe their current reality, quoting them with how they describe what they want and meeting them with the language that they use and the way that they think like that's what the front start of your video should be.
0:40:11 And then as you go, because that's what makes people stay, right, and watch your video on TikTok. And then as you go, you kind of want to keep giving them reasons to keep watching, keep giving them a little bit more information, keep insinuating things to come.
0:40:25 A lot of you guys, like when you guys are asked to stuck a 200 views, you give people either not a reason to watch, you make people think it's not for them, or you give everything away in the first few seconds, and then you kind of just drag on and give more information when people feel like they already
0:40:39 got the point. So that's the way to get past the 200 views and we'll talk more about that in the future, but I want to kind of give you that now so that when you try these videos, you kind of keep that in mind so that you can get some more views on them.
0:40:52 And then the last is when people ask me like, what should I be giving and what should I be kind of like not giving in my content because if you give everything away, you're like over simplifying it or making them feel like they don't have to buy buy from you.
0:41:09 Right so you kind of want to tell them the what and the why but not the how so tell them what they need to do why they need to do it but don't tell them exactly how to execute and that's where you kind of leave that little gap with people being like okay I realize why this is valuable I realize why 
0:41:24 this is worth an investment but I don't know enough to do it on my own but I know enough to know that it's worth spending money on so that's kind of like a crash course on keys to success in your content, but I want to kind of talk about how to sequence your content together.
0:41:39 So this is a common one that I use with my clients when I'm trying to get them to understand the things I do.
0:41:45 I've gone to the point where I like will naturally do this and you guys will too, it just takes practice.
0:41:49 So in my feel uncomfortable at first, you might only do hit on three of the points here. I don't want you to feel like you have every video has to hit every point, or that you have to do this the same exact sequence or the same exact way that I do it.
0:42:01 But having some kind of way to like structure to kind of follow in your mind or while you're learning is important and I want to give you the structure not so that way you have to feel like you have to stick to it but that way you feel like you're not lost.
0:42:15 So you're going to start your video with a hook and then a common thing I do after is like bust them if whether it's talking about an objection an assumption a misconception a limiting belief so like let's say I say like if you want to get past 200 views, and then I say even if you're starting with 
0:42:34 zero followers, right? Like that's a common thing, people will probably scroll past and think, oh, I'm probably not going to get past 200 views right now because I don't have enough followers anyway.
0:42:42 I don't know. Whatever thing that people assume, when they listen to your hook and they think the video is not for them, you want to kind of tackle it.
0:42:48 That way they like, oh, so this is for me. Like it doesn't, that thing that I thought doesn't really matter in the way that I thought it did.
0:42:56 And then I know the thing I like to do is to miss miss bus. You said limiting belief objection. What was the other one that you look kind of assumption.
0:43:05 Yeah. So like it's like kind of like the thing that pops up for them when they hear your hook that makes them think that the video is not for them.
0:43:12 Right. So like for yours, it would be like if you want to make more money or get bigger brand deals and you say even if you only have 5,000 followers or whatever.
0:43:19 You know, so for the hooks, that would be like, would it be something the value in relatable terms, objections, attempts and specific scenarios?
0:43:29 We're gonna go through hooks and like, you're good. You're like always on it. I appreciate that. That makes me know that I'm on the right track of answering your questions.
0:43:37 So that helps. Okay, so after the busing the myth, citing a client or personal transformation, especially when you guys are first growing on TikTok is really important.
0:43:48 Because everybody is shouting BS on the internet, right? Like everybody in their mom thinks that they're an expert. Everybody feels like they're being told different information.
0:43:57 So it's not enough to just like call something out and like call out why you're different or like call out the way that you can help somebody better than somebody else.
0:44:05 You have to build authority through some kind of transformation or some kind of like authority builder, which I have as five.
0:44:12 So you can do both or one or the other. So transformation is kind of obvious. Like my client was experiencing that too and we got them to this point that you want to get to.
0:44:21 But for an authority builder, it would be how I reference like sales psychology and how I reference that, yeah, that's a big one.
0:44:29 And how storytelling content and like my clients don't need CTA to get sales. Like something like that where people realize you're getting the results or you have some kind of experience or knowledge, that's really important instead of just calling things out because everybody's screaming, show on the
0:44:44 internet, like, honestly. So number four, the proper solution is basically like your way, your unique approach that we've talked about, and the way that I like to phrase it is like how you guys have said, like, oh, it needs, like, Shivani, it would be like you, you can't just like do affirmations, you
0:45:03 have to like deeply understand that personal limiting beliefs that are holding you back, like, Like calling out the specific thing that they need help seeing that they're not seeing.
0:45:14 Like Brittany would be like, they need to have like the customization piece that you give them. Right? Like Lena, it would be like, if they build a website, they don't know how to do it with the conversion strategies that you have.
0:45:26 Like what's that proper thing or that right way of doing things or that custom thing or the way that you, your knowledge is like filling the gap that they need.
0:45:35 So yeah. Yeah, we're building it pretty can you have a couple other examples of that and it would just be kind of like a quick thing one that I was just saying you would it be like number of clients I've served.
0:45:50 Honestly, I feel like that's just like a it's fluffy. Yeah, it's fluffy because anybody can be like I I've helped this many people but like what did you help them do right?
0:46:00 Like people or they would probably assume like oh did you just like sell them like $10. I don't know. You never know what that really means.
0:46:08 So being able to say that like you have the agency experience, right? That's an authority builder because you have your client transformations you talk to a lot and then showing how you're different because you've seen the agency side as like a one-liner instead of just an entirely separate video that's
0:46:24 like a one-time thing you talk about could be powerful and people seeing like that's why you're able to get those results is because you have that experience.
0:46:31 Right? Yeah. And then the last is misconceptions. This is similar to busting a myth. You can like do it twice.
0:46:39 You can do it at the beginning of the end. It's kind of like at the end of the video, if they're still not sold on what you're saying, the things that might come up.
0:46:47 So you can say all the things and say like even if you people tell me like if they have like a small account, if they're not seeing sales, even if so it's like It's like tackling objections in two different points in a way.
0:47:02 So at the end, I might, if in the beginning, I say that you can see sales even if you are only have zero followers.
0:47:09 And then at the end, I say like this applies to any business and no business is special or like exempt from this like approach.
0:47:17 Then I'm kind of like tackling it from two different angles. So yeah, this is like the sequence, but I have like examples of hooks and then examples of ways to walk through it.
0:47:30 But I know this is a lot of information. So I'll try to think of ways to tangibly give you guys more examples as we work through it and as you guys have questions.
0:47:41 So I guess before I move on, are there any quick questions about this other than this is a lot. And I don't know how to implement, that's okay if you feel that way, we'll get to that point.
0:47:56 So, this is the way, like the different starting points of your videos should be these areas, the specific scenarios that we talked about when we did problems, the misconception of assumptions that people have, the transformations, and pathizer, I threw that in there, It's kind of like when you tell
0:48:19 people like, you tackle, you tell people like I understand what you're feeling, you know, people like to win a video starts like that and they feel heard.
0:48:28 But we're not really going to go into that that much. And then the last one is the surface level deep desire starting point.
0:48:34 So those are the four, four starting points of your videos. This is essentially tackling people with like the lower level of awareness because we're talking about symptoms.
0:48:42 We're talking about people with a lot of assumptions and we're talking about transformations too because a lot of you guys are in the phase of still building authority of being a leader in your space and the desires just speaking to the things that people really want.
0:49:00 So if you were to start with a pain point or a symptom, I'm moving your guys's heads because my slides, okay you can start with, these are really simple, right?
0:49:16 And I'm going to give you an example for each of them. But if you say, like, if you, and then you reference something they're experiencing, are you painting, and then you paint a picture of the current scenario?
0:49:25 A client of mine was, and then you referenced client reality when they first came to you. I remember when, and then you remember, you reference a past reality.
0:49:33 And then I used to, and then you reference a past mistake that you made. So just to go through this quickly, I have examples.
0:49:39 So for me, I say, like, if you who aren't getting any sales from your tech talks. Are you posting three times per day but still stuck at 200 views?
0:49:49 So these are easy ways to start your videos that don't feel like super click baity and like weird that are simple and that take what we've talked about and just really go direct to the point.
0:50:02 A client of mine couldn't make a sale even though everyone loves her content and her vibe. I remember when I was making zero profit and my content strategy was throwing stuff at the wall and seeing what stuck and then I used to think that educational content made sales.
0:50:19 So these are simple ways to start your video with the problem and the pain point. You want to again be as specific as possible.
0:50:25 You see I have like numbers here three times per day, 200 views, zero sales. I'm getting to the point where I'm kind of painting a picture of quoting people, people tell me all the time that they throw stuff at the wall and seeing what sticks.
0:50:40 People tell me that people are loving my content and my vibe, but I'm not seeing any sales. So like things like that that I know people say to me, I'll try to include.
0:50:50 So this is how you can start a video at that level. And you can take one scenario like we've talked about and say it in a million different ways, but it's still at the end of the day like the same problem, right?
0:51:07 So, sorry. Do you guys have any questions on this slide? Good? Okay. So, after that, like, where do you go from there?
0:51:26 Right? You said, if you're experiencing this thing, if you're doing this thing, this is like a common thing I try to hit on when I'm tackling a problem is the root of that problem, which when people teach problem awareness, that's what they stop.
0:51:39 They say, okay, call out the symptom, call out the problem, and then give them the root problem. And I don't think that's enough.
0:51:46 People are doing that pretty often these days. So you need to also say why they need to solve it, why is it important that they even get to the root and fix the root, right?
0:51:56 Why a certain solution doesn't work that they're trying? Because people would probably think, well, I've been trying this thing this way, and either I'm going to live with the problem, Or I can't get a solved or that it doesn't work for me or whatever.
0:52:13 What your solution is and why your solution is better. And then I'm going to give you an example with these exact steps.
0:52:23 So this is how this is I think this is honestly like a lot of my videos just boiled down to like a really simple kind of thing.
0:52:33 So, if I say if your tips and tricks aren't bringing leads, then I say it's because educational content doesn't bring you sales, which is the root cause, right, like that they're educating, and that's the problem.
0:52:47 I didn't start with educational, I started with tips and tricks because that's even more specific that people, some people don't even know that tips and tricks is educational content.
0:52:55 So that's kind of why I'm like going even more basic and more specific. And then I say, my clients stop posting tips and tricks and they made their monthly income from one tech talk.
0:53:07 So not only did I say why they need to solve it and without really saying that, but I also alluded to why my solution is better by showing how I made this drastic transformation versus the educational route that people are taking.
0:53:22 And then I say even if you change your hook or get more views educational content still doesn't bring you sales.
0:53:28 So that's kind of calling out why you can't you shouldn't be chasing views and a lot of people do trends to chase views when that's not effective.
0:53:39 And then I end with so instead of creating another educational video think about what activates your audience to buy in your niche.
0:53:45 So now you're like, oh, I don't even know what activates my audience to buy in my niche. You just called me out.
0:53:50 You told me what I'm doing wrong. You told me that I need to do this thing, but I don't know how to do it myself.
0:53:54 I need to go watch the rest of your videos or apply to work with you, right? Does this make sense?
0:54:01 Yeah. I know implementing it for yourself is going to take time, and when you guys have, you know, you guys can post and have calls on me and we'll get you there, but it's like everything we just talked about like comes together in a way.
0:54:14 So this is how you would do it for a problem, a pain point symptom kind of scenario. The next is if you're starting with like a misconception or objection.
0:54:28 And the main one I want to talk about is when I start with like when my hooks have stopped doing x, y and z because I've seen those be the most powerful and converting for me and my clients.
0:54:37 So I'm going to focus on that one. But for other scenarios, for starting with a misconception or objection, you would say like if you think reference misconception.
0:54:47 What's missing from, and then you can call out, look, a common thing that people are told to do. And then you can say, we know that, and then you shatter their reality by stating a fact.
0:54:58 So like, I have highly converting videos where I say, like, okay, we know that educational content doesn't sell. We know that tips and tricks, they don't convert.
0:55:07 And people are like, do we know that? You know, and it's when I make the thing that they assume, and the thing that they believe.
0:55:13 When I just like call it out and state it as a fact like that a lot of people are really hooked in because they're like wait I didn't think that we knew that or like I think differently and they'll stick around to hear why that's false or watch my other videos where I talk about that So it's kind of
0:55:28 like hoping them in to my other content. So that's a really powerful thing and I had a client do this She watched one of my videos and she was like, oh my god, that was so good she recreated it and that video got like over a million views and like dozens of people asking to work with her because she
0:55:43 called out she's like a logo web designer and she was like okay so we know that these overdone logos don't actually bring you clients and they were and it was a common logo that a lot of people use and they were everybody was like do we know that?
0:55:57 So that's a really powerful video stating the thing that's false as a fact. It also builds authority in an indirect way of you kind of being confident in what you teach differently and calling people out.
0:56:10 And then the last one is like, does X not work for you? So you can tackle an assumption. Does this not work for you?
0:56:17 Kind of like feeds into that objection of like, I'm special and like tips and tricks don't work for me. And then educating them on the objection and like, why they're wrong.
0:56:25 So I want to, this is like the area of like, stop doing this. If you want to see this is really powerful for content.
0:56:36 So I kind of want you guys to create one like this this week. And so you would say stop doing whatever they're doing.
0:56:43 If you want to see the desire that you want to see. So stop creating storytelling content. If you're if you want to see sales, stop using CTAs.
0:56:49 If you want to get people to click your links, stop trying to entertain and educate. If you want to attract high ticket clients.
0:56:56 So I'm saying the same thing in a way, but like different scenarios and it attracts different people. Some people, they just want people to click on their links.
0:57:05 Some people, they're telling stories, right? And that's what they're really resonating with, is they were told storytelling sales. Some people, they just want high ticket clients, and they think if I'm talking about sales, that it's real low ticket, so I have to call that out specifically.
0:57:22 So, yeah, it's so authority building. And so, this is another type of video, like I said, that I've seen do really well for bringing people in because it's calling out the thing they're doing wrong as saying the specific thing that they want at the same time because if I just told you stop entertaining
0:57:41 and educating and then I went on a babble long thing and you didn't know it was to stop doing it because it's holding you back from the thing you want you probably wouldn't listen to me anymore.
0:57:50 So I'm trying to think if I have, I think this was the end of what I had today because of the time.
0:58:01 So what to say after that, Brittany is kind of just like explaining and I could probably draw an example for next time and explaining why, like kind of what we talked about before, explaining why that mistake is wrong, explaining why your solution is better, explaining why that thing is holding them
0:58:23 back from the desire and talking about what they need to do differently without saying how to do it differently. So that's where I would go after that.
0:58:33 I didn't paint out an example for that one. But we definitely could do that. So I know I kind of, again, we went through a lot.
0:58:41 Do you guys have questions? I'm excited. So I go ahead. I feel like you're going to do like the more into the depth of the solutions and resistors.
0:58:55 But do you have like a little brief kind of like what you did last time with the like one of them I wrote down was like specific scenario discussing a soon problem talking about the real problem for like the solutions and resistors.
0:59:09 Yeah so let me try to think about this on the spot. So like let's say for me I have a video about this where I was like if you think that problem awareness doesn't work for your business because it's a limited belief first.
0:59:32 Honestly that's a like a objection. Yeah, objection. And then I would say, I'm trying to think of what I said after that.
0:59:42 So I call out, I call them out after and I say it's not because your business is special, it's because you're not using problem awareness properly.
0:59:53 Right? So it's like educating them on why they're wrong. Yeah. And what they need to do differently or understand, to buy from you.
1:00:08 And I know that's a big way of putting it, but when I show them that they just haven't been taught how to personalize it to their business with the nuances that actually activate sales, because it could be the matter of changing a couple of lines in your videos to bring you like 30 leads.
1:00:24 Okay, yeah. It would be kind of like objections assumptions and then or like objections misconceptions assumption and then address limiting belief.
1:00:41 So it's I feel like it's kind of like the same kind of thing here where it's you're busting the myth like you said with the assumption and then you're talking about like the personal transformation clients transformation or like the proper solution and why they're wrong and building authority and yeah
1:01:04 , let me think about how to draw it out so that way it's clear. Yeah, so I think for the next like if you guys want to run with this taking the problems that like these scenarios from for now and turning them into content and seeing how that goes and the little paint more of like the resistors and the
1:01:24 solutions type of content. But at the end of the day, it's just like starting from a different point and doing the same thing of educating them on why that thing isn't working for them.
1:01:32 What you teach differently, why you teach it differently, why it's important, why they need the problem solved. Like it all kind of does the same thing.
1:01:40 You're just starting from a different point because some people resonate with different things at the start, you know. So this replay is going to be up, is that good or did you want the slides as well?
1:01:58 Oh, I was just wondering, Yeah, if it's possible to even have the slides or like the PDF or like to have that just like not in video format because yeah watching this, I didn't write any of it down, but I was like already thinking of so many things of pulling it from and then just pulling it through
1:02:17 that framework so that would help me visually, I think. Okay. Yeah, sounds good. Thanks for letting me know that that would be helpful because I wasn't thinking about that.
1:02:27 So that sounds good. If you guys have any other questions about all the stuff we went over today? I don't have a question, but I do want to say like I have shied away so many times.
1:02:42 I think for at least past three to five years from not repeating the content. But then when you go to other people's page, they're saying the same thing in five hundred different ways.
1:02:54 So you saying this is validating that it's okay to re-gruditate the information but be creative about it. Yeah, because especially with TikTok, so this is like a TikTok versus Instagram thing too.
1:03:10 And again, another thing I want to talk to you guys more about because TikTok is an outreach platform, right? Every video of yours, 70% if I had the average of your views are people who have never seen you have seen you once so have no idea who you are, right?
1:03:28 So when you think you're repeating yourself over and over, on TikTok that doesn't matter not only because you're saying it in different ways, but also because people are new to your content every single time.
1:03:43 And when you get to the point where people are on the bridge of buying from you, and I know I've done this, I know people who have bought for me done this, they'll start watching all of your videos to find like that 1% thing that they didn't catch in the other ones.
1:03:57 That one thing that's going to make it click and then they realize through your content that you're speaking to their problems so deeply in all these different ways that they need to buy.
1:04:06 So it's actually a benefit. When you try to be so different in every video, you end up confusing people on what you you actually do, your personal brand is all over the place.
1:04:16 The problems you solve are not very clear, but when you repeat yourself, especially with TikTok and not everybody seeing all of your videos and people being new every time, it's actually beneficial to repeat yourself.
1:04:27 So I appreciate you bringing that point up because that is something a lot of people feel, and they feel like they're repeating themselves over and over but I want you guys to have a bit of a framework so you know what's the steps to touch but how to make them feel a little different every time.
1:04:42 You know. And I think also from personal development point of view it helps us become more versatile in how we are communicating and we can take that skill into other areas of our life.
1:04:58 I should make a video about this. 100%. Yeah. And also it helps your sales conversation. So like some people they come to me and they'll frame their problem one way and some people frame their problem another at the end of the day, it's still the same, right?
1:05:11 Some people are like, oh, I'm not. I would like to get high ticket clients and get like 10 sales by the end of the month.
1:05:17 And then another person's like, I just want to be seen as a leader in my industry and make like, and get like a few sales.
1:05:26 So they're saying it differently, but when I have a sales conversation, I need to speak the same way they are and say, okay, if you want to be seen as a leader in your industry and make a few sales, If you want to get 10 high ticket clients by the end of the month, it's the same way that you would approach
1:05:42 a sales conversation And so that's why I approach it this way because people want to be spoken in the language that they speak and people want to be they feel heard when you say the thing that They are thinking in their way.
1:05:53 So yeah mirroring them. Yes, exactly mirroring For the text at the top of the videos Do you have like any formats or specific things that you like to use for those like kind of from what you were teaching us already?
1:06:09 Yeah, so try honestly like making it less than 10 words, even like six words or less like the shortest you can make it while making it clear and powerful.
1:06:18 If you can make it super agitational to like when I say like stop storytelling. And then I will create like a subtitle I like doing like a powerful thing.
1:06:28 I do like that. I just saw in your videos and it was like three different. It was like two different colors and then one different font and it really like I read everything.
1:06:37 Yeah, because when they all blends people don't reach it and then they're trying to like process that blob of text while also listening to you, which is actually if you like add supplemental text later if you like have a long video and you like put a paragraph of extra information.
1:06:54 That's good because people will sometimes like watch again to read that, but at the beginning, you want to be as clear and grabbing as possible because people are deciphering whether or not to stick around and listen at first and if it's for them.
1:07:06 So in the beginning having like a clear title, I like using red because psychologically that grabs people more. Right in yellow, right in yellow, exactly.
1:07:16 If you can say you in there, sometimes that helps or saying you verbally in the beginning. So yeah, clear short title, that's very like to the point agitational subtext that kind of says, like, try this if you want this or like, if this is what you're experiencing, like, this is why or some kind of 
1:07:36 like extra information. And then you always want to do close captions. And having like different current colors or background colors fonts helps.
1:07:46 Yeah. Okay. One really quick question on like the sales conversations. Yeah, or instead of being like that's amazing, should I re emphasize like their problem, kind of like what I'm doing in the content, but like if they're like I don't know what to say to brands.
1:08:03 So I emphasize that knowing what to say to brands is really important in order to because this is what I also use for like my content and like objections and stuff.
1:08:11 Yeah, so you kind of want to say like the reason why you don't know how to like how to do this or the reason why you're experiencing this, which is like the same you're doing your video is because you don't have this information that I teach in a way of putting it like more nicely.
1:08:26 Okay, so you're not seeing like I would tell people, yeah, it's common. My class comes to me not seeing sales.
1:08:31 That's because they don't know how to use sales psychology and they're just educating in their content. Right, so like if you're not seeing, like I understand not getting brand deals as hard when you're putting so much effort in your content.
1:08:42 This is because you don't know how to negotiate with brand deals in a way that feels good to you or whatever you would say in that scenario.
1:08:51 Because it's kind of like you're coaching them without giving them everything. And they realize, oh, she understands me, she knows what I need.
1:09:00 And she's not just trying to sell me by telling me, that's great. This is more of a relationship, you know?
1:09:05 So I know it's more effort, but it helps people see the gaps. You want people to like really see where they're f****** up and why they need you to be able to buy.
1:09:15 Okay. That makes a lot more sense. You're kind of digging the knife. I mean, like, this is obviously not like in a malicious way, but like just digging the knife in a little bit more of like, what's going on?
1:09:27 Yeah, because it's true, right? Like that's really the reason, but people need kind of like the honesty rather than like comfort to be able to make a change, right?
1:09:38 If I told you guys, oh, that's great. 200 views. That's great. You're not seeing sales from your TikTok. So you've been like, okay, do I need to work with you?
1:09:48 Like, why should I even be here, right? Yeah, that's really good. Yeah, it's like the same thing you do in your videos.
1:09:54 It's like, oh, I see this thing. This is what's going wrong. This is what to do to fix it. But I'm not going to tell you everything, like how to do it because this This is like a three sentence, yeah, you know, so yeah, okay, that's really good.
1:10:06 Okay, so I posted a video yesterday and somebody commented, okay, this is all great, but give me examples. What do, how do I respond to that?
1:10:14 I get that all the time, I ignore it. Okay. You can give an example if you want, but it's just some people trying to get free information from you.
1:10:22 It's like, they want, they just want what they want out of the video and they're like, Oh, okay. I get this all the time.
1:10:29 People will literally comment like, oh, all your videos are telling me what not to do. Like, tell me what to do.
1:10:34 And I do tell them what to do, but they don't understand it. So they think I'm not saying it. And then they want me to give them the answer for their specific problem in a video for free.
1:10:44 Like, that's what they're really asking, right? Yeah. Like, so if you want to like be a little bit more, you do give so many examples.
1:10:52 You literally talk about your own life. I do. Yeah. So it's just somebody being like, Oh, I don't get how this applies to me and being and just wanting free shit.
1:11:00 So I will entertain it on that on the one that I got the comment on. I followed your format and I did not talk about me getting agitated as a parent or a partner.
1:11:08 So that was in storytelling, but maybe that's what triggered him. Yeah. Good. Honestly, like it's okay if people get triggered because that's just the people who you probably wouldn't want to work with if they yeah because he can go watch your other videos for examples yeah and I guess we can talk about
1:11:26 this later but I don't know if okay I only have like 300 some odd followers but I feel like most of these people want me to follow them back and that's why they're following me oh that's probably not true why do you think that because they're like investor type of people or like side hustle like some
1:11:48 of them are make quick buck I think. Some of them I think are are genuine but I do wonder about it often like are these people real people.
1:12:00 Well how would that change what you're doing now? It won't. I guess I just I need that I want validation that I'm attracting the right type of people.
1:12:12 Do you think that there's 0% of people that are right in there? No. So there must be at least one person that it's worth it for, right?
1:12:22 Right. Okay. And then also go ahead. I remember being at that point when I was just starting my TikTok account.
1:12:30 And I think that we, like when you're at 300 followers, you notice every single interaction that happens with your account.
1:12:38 And so when you have, I've had those people that were like kind of sus or like I don't even know they're scamming but I just noticed them a lot more because they were five people that followed me that day versus like after I got like to tooth around 2000 then I stopped noticing like the individual people
1:12:54 so okay I'll also be ahead just write it out that's a good point also shivani like every video you post is seen by non-followers, right?
1:13:06 Right. Oh, yeah. Yeah, that's true. I think a lot of people who see my videos, especially at the start, we're all new every time.
1:13:18 Okay. I'll have to be mindful of that. It was a good reminder. Yeah, no problem. It's good to bring these things up, because those little things can hold us back and make us feel unmotivated.
1:13:29 So that's totally fine. I didn't want to add something. Jazz, I think I applied to work with you before even adding you officially on TikTok.
1:13:37 I was like, okay, yeah, let me leave the app, but I'm gonna apply right away. That's what I was gonna say is a lot of people that I see I like go to their profile before I call with them or whatever and it doesn't even say follow back, but they're not following me.
1:13:49 And I'm like, oh, I must be just showing up on their for you page, you know, so that's very common.
1:13:54 And that's a good point to keep in mind, Shivani is that it doesn't matter if they're following you, they that's not like a limiting factor of them being interested in working with you.
1:14:04 I needed the reminder. Thank you. Yeah. Tracy said I had to go back and find you. That's funny. You know, I think I found some validation.
1:14:17 Like there were a couple of people like coaches that I was I was following. And after some time, I guess when I start feeling better about myself, I unfollowed them.
1:14:26 But recently they started following me back. Well, they started following me. I'm not I'm not going to follow them. But I don't know for whatever reason it just made me feel good about myself.
1:14:39 That's funny. Any final feelings? How are you guys all feeling after all the information? I like to do like a pulse check.
1:14:48 Feeling good. Yeah. You feel supported like anything that I can do this upcoming next week to make you guys feel better or clearer.
1:15:05 I think like for me personally, Just more of working on how to implement the strategies that we just talked about, like how to implement that in the videos.
1:15:22 Yeah, I'll think of creative ways to keep like teaching it and giving examples and having you guys share your ideas and kind of like collaborate on them to make it more active learning.
1:15:38 Okay, so off topic, but not, I think Karek can benefit from this supportive partner content. My partner just came in, closed the windows because the sign was streaming through, put the blinds down, turn on the light, turn on the light in the closet, and then walked out.
1:15:55 So content idea. Yeah, you shouldn't eat them, but that's a great content idea. I love that. Yeah. I really liked being able to just drop in like one idea you like had asked in the group chat like how are you guys feeling dropping in one idea and then you tweaking it really quickly because then we were
1:16:14 able to see what we're doing wrong right away and then implement it more quickly. So yeah, helpful in the group chat.
1:16:22 Perfect. I'm glad to hear that. Yeah, if you guys, I'm monitoring the community as often as I can if you want to do that same thing Brittany did I can help you guys more.
1:16:35 And then I know it's not like, through our time together, it's not going to, you're not going to feel good all the time and there's going to be frustration like I want to acknowledge that.
1:16:41 So I want you guys to know this is a space you can talk to me about what you're struggling with, what you're feeling, what you feel like is not clicking and what you really need help with because I don't want you guys just to feel like you have to tell me the good stuff, you know, like I want you to
1:16:55 feel like this is a space where you can talk to me about whatever it is. So skilling super good. Love when you give examples.
1:17:03 Okay. Perfect. I'm happy to hear that. Oh, well, nothing. And I don't know if we want to do this or not.
1:17:09 But would anybody be open to like looking at each other's comments? And because you're right, just like, everybody's awareness level is different.
1:17:19 And I'm all about awareness. But I have, and I have no idea about websites. And I could use help with that, would anybody be open to looking at each other's couple of videos in talking about what makes sense to them?
1:17:35 Like what I'm talking about care does that make sense to you? Like Brittany do you, you know, what do you get out of it?
1:17:44 So we can like understand like I'm very pedestrian when it comes to websites But I could talk about awareness and just personal development all day long.
1:17:57 So just a suggestion if so many ones do either pair up or if you want to do it collectively. I'm always open to suggestions and I'm always open to clearly talk about things that's related, but not or finding ways to relate things to other things.
1:18:14 I know it's helpful. We could just drop it in the one of the channels. Yeah, and then we can comment on each others.
1:18:22 Okay. Yeah. That sounds great. Great idea, Shivani. It's helpful to have collective feedback because I have all see things from like one perspective that you guys will see it from another from your different background so that helps.
1:18:35 Okay, so if there's anything else obviously ask away, I'm working on your audits more tomorrow, so I'm excited about those and I'll talk to you guys soon.
1:18:48 Thank you. Thanks. Thanks. Bye. Bye.
