0:00:01 Curating or your story and the messaging behind your offer. So first let's talk about your story. Okay. So everybody is, is different, obviously, which is what is going to make your brand unique.
0:00:15 Now, let me start off by saying that there's probably elements of your story and your history and your experience that is actually really relevant to your brand that you might not be aware of.
0:00:27 Okay. So, um, something I will continue to use myself as an example through this. Cause obviously you guys have watched my content.
0:00:35 You guys know what I talk about? So one thing about your life experience that you feel is memorable. And I put, I had put some of these prompts in mighty networks like a week or two ago, and I know some of you answered kind of these questions.
0:00:49 The intention was to kind of get you guys thinking about this before we did this training. 
0:00:53 So one thing about my life experience that's memorable that I wasn't sure how it would possibly be related to my brand was the fact that I had cancer as a child.
0:01:03 So that really doesn't have anything to do with business or social media or anything like that. But what it has everything to do with is my mindset.
0:01:14 You, you get told you're going to die enough times and you start to just not give enough and you just do what you want to do.
0:01:22 Right? So that's something that was about me. That's memorable that didn't necessarily connect to my brand, but it connects to who I am as a person.
0:01:32 So therefore it connects to my brand. So there's going to be little things like this, about your history, good, bad, ugly, whatever, good, bad, or indifferent.
0:01:41 There's going to be elements of your history that you think maybe aren't super relevant, but regardless of how relevant they are to their, to your brand, they are part of who you are.
0:01:51 And they will give people something beyond just your content and the value that you share to actually connect with. Okay.
0:01:59 So I have a good friend in the online space who she, her story was that she was a waitress and then she was a high ticket closer.
0:02:09 And now she does business coaching and things like that. And one of her big pillars of her brand is the fact that as a kid, she had learning disabilities, she had dyslexia.
0:02:20 And so she was basically told by teachers and things as she was like getting her education early on, that she would essentially never amount to anything.
0:02:29 Now she owns a multi seven figure business. So there's little things like that potentially that contribute to your mindset, your transformation.
0:02:39 Why are you interested in what you are currently interested in that again, may not necessarily seem like they make sense and connect, but they will.
0:02:49 I promise. So write down that one thing about yourself, or maybe it's a couple of different things about your life experience, um, that you think is memorable and potentially could be important.
0:03:02 Um, the next thing is what is one thing that you would like people to know about you? Now? This could be the same thing as the life experience question.
0:03:16 It might also be different. Okay. So this could be something about your life. Now it's important to you that your audience knows that you're a mom and that you are a parent and you have three kids while you run your business.
0:03:34 Maybe that's important to you. Maybe it's important to you that your audience knows something about your family or about a hobby that you have, or about a belief that you have that kind of sets you apart from other people in your industry.
0:03:50 That could be it. Um, so then taking those two things once to have them written down, if you were 1000% confident in your social media, you already had a million followers.
0:04:09 What would you see people saying, thinking, talking about you, this is one of those repeat questions that I had put in mighty networks.
0:04:20 This is a really important reframe because often from starting at the beginning or where your brand is now, it's hard to see that far into the future.
0:04:33 What is the end result that I'm actually looking for? Right. You're just looking at like, what am I going to post this week?
0:04:41 And so when you have kind of that end result in mind and you can work backwards rather than trying to figure out where you're going to post this week to get there, you can go the other way.
0:04:50 It's a lot easier to work from that core vision all the way back. So if you had a million followers and we're operating under the assumption that all of these million followers are just absolutely obsessed with you, they love everything you have to say.
0:05:09 They're really invested in your story, in your brand. What, what is your brand at that point? What is your perfect brand and your perfect dream world that you have?
0:05:23 Um, I'll give you guys a minute. I'm going to check the chat. Um, both good and bad. Yeah. Elliot can be good or bad.
0:05:31 It can be positive or negative. All of these things are a part of your experience. Um, and also you guys know there's, there's some people, even though I've had it with where I know that there are elements of your story that are important to you and have brought you to where you are, but not everybody
0:05:52 is always super comfortable with sharing their entire life story on the internet, which I also totally understand and can sympathize with.
0:06:02 So write these things down and try to get this clarity, um, and just know that these aren't necessarily the things that you have to tell people on social media, but you having this clarity as to your brand, your story, all of this written out will be really helpful.
0:06:21 And then, um, if we need to, if there's elements that you kind of don't want to share, but you think that it's kind of an important transformation or something like that, then we can kind of workshop the narrative around what you're going to share.
0:06:36 Um, and then my last question on this slide, if you were the unrefuted best in the world at what you do, what do you think your biography would be titled?
0:06:53 I think this is a good one because generally what tends to come up is kind of the word or statement or, um, vision that people kind of subconsciously have for their brand, but they struggle to communicate.
0:07:10 So I think this is a good way to kind of reframe that narrative. Um, I shared this already when I posted this in mighty networks, but my biography, I would call it alive.
0:07:26 And what I would talk about in that, or want to have talked about in that is essentially the idea that somebody with seemingly every medical limitation in the world is able to do something that very few people are able to do.
0:07:47 So if I'm able to do it, certainly anyone else can. Okay. Um, so that's kind of what it brings up for me and that that's kind of the theme that you'll see carried throughout my brand.
0:08:01 I make a lot of content about this is how I was able to do this thing. This was the mindset shift that made this thing possible for me.
0:08:09 And so having this kind of overarching idea of what my brand's vision is, makes it easier to create that content and have it feel really online.
0:08:22 Another thing is that a lot of people tend to feel as though they really have to, um, kind of put all of this information, all of the stuff that they want someone to know about them in one video, right?
0:08:35 It's really tempting to try to put it all into one piece of content and put it out there with a nice little bow on it.
0:08:42 And truthfully, that's just really, really not realistic unless you're writing a terribly long-winded blog post about your entire life history.
0:08:51 It's probably not going to work. So having these core elements, themes that are important to you, you can start to drizzle these in, throughout your other content that actually relates directly to your business.
0:09:04 So you'll have that personal connection and the authority, and you'll feel like your vision, your message is really being heard.
0:09:10 It can be really authentic to you while you're still, you know, driving traffic to your brand and doing these things to drive consistent conversions.
0:09:18 Right? So one of the series that I have on my social media that did really well, it was my growing up around billionaires series, our family, friends, own syrup, Sinclair oil.
0:09:29 They have a multi-billion dollar real estate portfolio in, around Utah and Idaho and places like that. 
0:09:39 And so that element of my life and being raised around those people is what has greatly informed my mindset, my knowledge about business, my knowledge about investing, right?
0:09:53 But just telling that story. If I did a story time, like I just explained to you, like, I knew these people and, you know, close family friends, and my grandparents grew up with them and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
0:10:03 Right? That's not very, that's not a helpful video for selling my offer. Okay. Now, when I were to instead make like a billionaire series where I say things that I learned, grant Bravo, building owners, I am able to kind of drip that little piece of information in, and then connect it to the value.
0:10:22 I can talk about mindset. I can talk about investing. I can talk about something about business. So it connects to my business.
0:10:28 It connects to my strategy, my credibility, my life, but I'm also dripping in these pieces and elements of my story.
0:10:36 So you can, that's kind of an example of how you can enter twine it, where sometimes it's just an extra sentence that you add into your video that you were already going to make.
0:10:44 That just gives people a little bit more context about where you learned this thing, or why it's important to you, or, um, what experience you had that gave you this outcome or this result or this knowledge.
0:10:57 Um, and so learning how to sprinkle those little pieces of your history of your experiences into these other videos that you're already making is so, so powerful, immediate likable moment.
0:11:11 I love that. I'm so glad I read that makes me happy to hear. Um, so that's kind of how I look about it because when I, um, I've been doing social media management for about five, almost six years when I started growing my own personal brand and actually establishing you guys should see the pages and 
0:11:33 pages and pages and pages of notes that I had on my iPad kind of brain dumping this stuff out. 
0:11:39 And if you scroll back to my beginning videos, a lot of them are just story times because I didn't know how to put this information out there.
0:11:47 So I was doing like educational videos plus like story time videos, because putting this into short form was really hard.
0:11:55 I had done it in blogs. I'd done it on my Instagram. Instagram is easier because you can talk about things on your story.
0:12:01 You can put things in your feed. There's lots of different types of content where you could get this information out there, but especially short form content.
0:12:08 It's really hard when you have like so many things you want to talk about. So for any videos that you're creating that, you know, kind of are a little bit more important to you, they stem from something that you've learned or your past experience, again, keep in mind.
0:12:25 But that just adding a little sentence in there with some context, even if it's just text on the screen, adding some context you can drift in your personal story, your information, um, without feeling like you're derailing your entire content plan with a Storytime, right.
0:12:41 Um, I'm getting texts from Sasha. And also my husband, I read, I had generally would never, ever check texts from him during a meeting, but him and my brother-in-law went out climbing this ridiculous mountain outside of Aspen.
0:13:01 And so I've just been like on pins and needles. I hate it when he goes up there. I'm always so nervous, but something's gonna happen to him, but they're fine.
0:13:08 Good. Great. Okay. So let's move on to kind of the next piece. So your journey, um, this, what have you overcome?
0:13:19 I want to talk about this a little bit, because everybody seems to feel like they need to have the super rags to riches story, right?
0:13:30 There's kind of these same story archetypes that we see throughout social media and you don't necessarily have to have those things.
0:13:41 Um, there can be, you can talk about specific things that you've overcome, specific things that you've learned that relate to your offer or your business.
0:13:50 It doesn't necessarily have to be this dramatic lifetime transformation, right? Learning, having an eye-opening experience. That was even just a one time conversation with a friend that is, can be something that has shifted.
0:14:06 That can be something that you've overcome. And if it's important to you, it can be important to your brand. It doesn't necessarily have to be this dramatic transformation.
0:14:15 Now that being said, a lot of people have dramatic transformation stories. Okay. And when I first started talking more about business, there was kind of a lot of pressure because that's what everyone else was doing.
0:14:28 It was like a lot of pressure to have this dramatic transformation story. 
0:14:34 Okay. And I guess I have a transformation, but it's not as, I guess, dramatic as a lot of people would, you know, a lot of people kind of tend to put out there.
0:14:46 So, um, if you're kind of struggling to think about like, what is my transformation story? What are the things that I've overcome that are really important to my business and my brand.
0:14:58 That's okay. Again, this doesn't all necessarily have to make sense together. Um, your business doesn't necessarily have to be right in line with these things that you've overcome and these elements of your story.
0:15:12 Um, we're going to get to that connection in a second. So, um, the next piece of this is then why do you do what you do?
0:15:27 This is an important question to kind of connect those pieces of what you've overcome, your history experiences that are important to you or differentiating of you and your brand.
0:15:42 Um, this is often where those pieces come together because generally your life experience is in the form in some way, the business that you have, the goals that you have for yourself, right?
0:15:59 So my past experience with my family, friends, who I was close to, I saw people my entire life owning businesses, investing in real estate.
0:16:19 And so we're, a lot of people are kind of groomed to do this, you know, go to college land. The job progressed through, you know, climb the corporate ladder, whatever I was almost groomed very much the opposite.
0:16:33 It was almost an expectation that you start a business. It was an expectation that you kind of strike out on your own that you find some alternate form of value to give to society rather than just going and working for someone else.
0:16:48 Um, which I think is probably not a mindset that a lot of people were raised with. Okay. So like going the traditional corporate route was kind of looked down upon in our family.
0:17:00 And that's something that is very differentiating and has greatly informed my life decisions because I realized that not everybody had a family like that.
0:17:12 I have very unique experience that I can then give to other people. I didn't have a lot of those imposter syndrome doubts things about myself because I was like, this is in my blood.
0:17:23 This is what I've been told I'm going to do since I was a child. Like you're going to have a business that everybody starts based on what you do.
0:17:29 Right. And so that has greatly informed my mindset. And so that piece of my journey that I share on social media make sense with what I do.
0:17:39 That's part of why I do what I do. Another piece of why I do what I do, which is what we've talked about before is every single person has something awful that they've been through.
0:17:56 Right. Be it financial medical, familial relationships doesn't matter. Every person has something. Right. And so I take a lot of comfort, I guess, in the fact that I'm not really all that unique, everyone's been through something right.
0:18:21 Having, you know, cancer as a child, I've talked about it. A lot of social media, you know, being bullied, the different things that come with having a big medical thing as you were growing up, being raised around doctors, growing up inside of a hospital, essentially.
0:18:36 Right. And so for a while, probably like middle school, high school, you know, those teenage years where you're rebelling against the world, right.
0:18:47 That I was really, really like, I want to be normal. 
0:18:51 I want to be like everybody else. That was a big thing that was recurring in my head. But I wasn't exactly like everyone else because everyone has something.
0:19:03 Everyone has something in their past. Everyone has something in their history and every single person has the decision to allow that, to define them or not.
0:19:16 Right. Everyone. So we're all the same in that regard. And so it's what we choose to actually do with it, which is a huge pillar in my content.
0:19:29 It's why I work with people that want to start businesses. That's why I help people start businesses without having to put a lot of money into the businesses they're online, right?
0:19:43 Low overhead costs. There's a reason that I work with a very specific type of person because regardless of the background, the history, the past things that they've had to overcome, they can make these decisions and move forward and create a different life for themselves.
0:20:00 And so that is why I do what I do now. Again, it took me what, 15 minutes to explain all of that.
0:20:09 So to put that in a tick talk again, unless I'm just sitting down and making a story time is very difficult.
0:20:16 So identifying the specific themes that are reoccurrent because of my journey, because of my history is going to inform the phrasing of my content.
0:20:32 So instead of saying three tips for this thing that you can do, it's, here's something I learned while I was overcoming this, or this is what allowed me to overcome this.
0:20:46 So you trickle in those elements of why you do what you do, what you have overcome and mesh it with the message, the problems that you're solving for people.
0:21:00 So that's how you make that connection. Um, then the specific problems that you solve for people, this is a little bit more on the business side, but I would venture a bet that a lot of you are solving problems for your audience that you have had to learn to solve for yourself, right.
0:21:28 That's why you have the product. You have the offer that you have the experience that you have, the career that you have you in some way, how to solve some of those problems for yourself.
0:21:40 So how do those problems that you solve for yourself connect to your story? Maybe that is your story. And then what do you specifically do for other people?
0:21:53 Okay. Um, and then to the kind of wrap all of this up, what element of your story has greatly informed?
0:22:02 I don't love the word persona, but it kind of is the version of yourself that you're going to put on social media.
0:22:11 I'm all for authenticity, but you can be authentic. And a lot of different ways you can authentically be a different person with a lot of different people, right?
0:22:21 I'm different with my clients than I am with my family than I am with my husband, that I am with my friends, still all versions of me.
0:22:27 It's still authentic to who I am, but you're going to be different in different settings. Right? So what elements of your story do you want to be a part of your public persona?
0:22:40 What people know about you and what your business is going to be in line with now? Again, there are definitely elements of your story that may not directly correlate to your brand.
0:22:59 We had a client who really, really struggled with her brand message because what she actually wanted to talk about, she really just wanted to do like lifestyle content creation and do user generated content for other brands.
0:23:13 And so she had the hardest time identifying how her personal story actually connected to that. But the point, the point of it all was that she's showing people the life that she has now, because of all these things that she had overcome.
0:23:29 So her lifestyle content was actually a lot deeper rooted than just look at my skincare routine. 
0:23:33 Right? And so she was able to, when she was sharing a hobby that she had, she was able to briefly, but still connect through her content.
0:23:43 That the reason she has that hobby it's because that's what helped her with her mental health. And so she was able to attach it to a deeper thing that she had overcome.
0:23:53 Right? So there's little examples like that, where maybe it doesn't feel like it necessarily as a part of your brand, but your story is the reason that you have this brand.
0:24:05 So there is a concurrent theme there that you can definitely pull from. 
0:24:14 So now that we've kind of attached your past experiences, your story to the problems that you want to solve for your audience, we can pivot into talking about your offer.
0:24:32 Now your life experience is what essentially gives you credibility and authority to sell this offer, to have this thing. It's why you're interested in what you're interested in.
0:24:45 So when people leave your offer, what should they be able to have or do? Now, this is really important because a lot of people, I see it a lot with service providers, they tend to break their offers up into different services rather than different audiences.
0:25:10 So for example, you are not going to differentiate your services just by, oh, you get X amount of calls in this one, and you have X amount of calls in this one.
0:25:23 And this one also has these extra resources. Your offers should not be separated by the stuff. 
0:25:31 Often the stuff will come along with the problem that you're solving. So your more advanced offers or solving more advanced problems.
0:25:39 So they're probably going to have more information, more support, more elements of support inside of your offer. That's going to come along with it, but don't think about sectioning, your offer off into like this one is four calls.
0:25:55 This one is eight calls. This one is 12 calls, right? We're not wanting to separate them by support. We're wanting to separate them by the problem that they solve.
0:26:04 Because if you just separate them by support often you'll have three offers that solve the same problem. And it's really hard to explain to someone why it's so much more worthwhile to do 12 calls with you versus four.
0:26:23 Right? It seems obvious cause you get more support, but if they're both solving the same problem, then just the explanation of, oh, well, we go deeper into it in this offer is not enough.
0:26:36 So there really need to be different problems. Maybe they'll build on each other, but they should be either different problems or different levels of people.
0:26:46 Okay. So if you have, let's say for example, you have a one month coaching offer and you have a three month coaching offer that three month coaching offer is not just longer and more in-depth information.
0:27:00 It's probably for people that are more beginners and need more information, they need help solving specific problems that people need to overcome in the beginning.
0:27:09 And then maybe this one month accelerator is for people that are more experienced and they need a specific amount of support to overcome these higher level problems.
0:27:22 Right? And so this is important for two reasons. One, by connecting your offers to specific problems and audience groups, you're able to more clearly differentiate them and who they're for.
0:27:39 And it's easier to write, copy and sell them and explain it to people and all of that good stuff. 
0:27:45 But you're also going to allow yourself to specifically target those customers through your content at any given time. So if you have an offer suite with three offers, for example, like foundations accelerate inner circle, when you're doing problem aware content, you are speaking to that beginner level
0:28:12 , that first entry level offer when you're doing agitational content, you're speaking to a higher level audience member. And so you are speaking to the problems that that mid tier offer solves and so on with the solution content.
0:28:31 So it's important that these offers are clearly defined by who it's for so that when you're creating content for those specific people, that there isn't any confusion that they're able to flow seamlessly into your offer suite and to increase retention, things like that, that they can flow through your
0:28:59 offer suite. You should always have somewhere for them to go. 
0:29:03 Someone joins your membership, where are they going to go? Someone joins your higher ticket offer, where are they going to go?
0:29:08 Where would you upsell them to? Where would you down sell them to downselling? It was probably the main thing that gets overlooked and probably the more important even than upselling, right?
0:29:19 Because often someone doesn't need to move on to that next higher level, or maybe they're up at the higher level, but they need continued support.
0:29:26 So then where do you move them to you? Don't just offered them, right? So if the elements of your offer were executed perfectly, what outcome will your clients have?
0:29:41 So another important thing, because when it comes to marketing your offer and packaging, your message, people often struggle to, um, articulate what the specific results are that their clients are going to have.
0:29:56 And generally speaking, that comes from a place of thinking about what's possible with like kind of doing the bare minimum or what the average person will do, right?
0:30:09 The average person is not going to show up to all the calls. They're not going to consume all of the content and they're not going to actually consistently implement what you're teaching.
0:30:18 That's the average, that's the reality. But if you're selling the average, you're not going to make any sales. Okay. So what you're selling is your offer your framework and the possibility if your offer is executed perfectly, what outcome will your clients have?
0:30:39 And then this one's keen. What specific milestones will people cover in your offer? Now, this is really important, especially for those of you that are mindset or fitness coaches.
0:30:59 Okay. Hear me. When I say that, I know that it's very, very, um, comforting to kind of do these really custom offers.
0:31:10 Oh, we all on board. We do a kickoff call. I see exactly what you need. That's all well and good.
0:31:16 Okay. And there's definitely going to be some level of customization usually. However, no one is when we phrase those gently, no one is that unique in the problems that they're having, because if their problem is so vastly different, they're probably not your ideal customer.
0:31:40 Okay. So there's probably, you know, between four to seven problems that your clients are going to come to you with now, potentially you solve those things in different orders based off of where they're at or what's going on.
0:31:59 Potentially some of those things need less attention than others based off of that specific person. That's fine. You can speed up the process, but you should still have a general framework that you push people through.
0:32:13 Okay. So by the end of week one, where should they be by the end of month? One, where should they be?
0:32:20 Someone's in your membership for five months? Where should they be? Again, they're not going to execute it perfectly, but if they do, what would that look like?
0:32:35 And then moving onto this next piece, which will really clarify the previous section, what type of people do you not want to work with?
0:32:50 Is there a client red flag that you don't want to work around? Is there something someone could say to you that would make you not want to look work with them?
0:32:58 And I'm talking beyond the obvious, like they were mean to me on the sales call, obviously they're not offended. I mean, specifics, are there specific problems that are common in your industry that you don't want to work with?
0:33:11 Are there specific mindsets that are incredibly difficult to break through? And you're like, no, this isn't a fit for the offer.
0:33:17 This is going to bring down the vibe, the energy of the container, especially if it's a group program that's important.
0:33:23 Um, what does that look like? Just yes. Like the blueprint you haven't TGI. Exactly. 
0:33:32 Um, so what are things that you don't want to work with? I'm sure that there are a few, um, for, for me specifically, one thing, no hate to the MLM girlies out there, good for them, but there tends to be a consistent type of person that is associated with MLMs.
0:33:59 Not that they're bad people that there's anything wrong with them. It's the way that they are trained and conditioned with inside of those containers, the way that they do coaching, the way that they do mindset work, the way that they do those things.
0:34:13 It makes them really not super malleable when it comes to building a business. And so a lot of them are wanting to build businesses and leave their MLM.
0:34:25 And so when you've reached a certain level of success and dollar amount, it's really hard to come back to the beginning and start all over.
0:34:32 And so that, that issue coupled with the training and conditioning that tends to be present in those organizations, makes them really not a good fit for my coaching style.
0:34:44 So that that's an example. Maybe it'll help get you thinking if you're not able to think of somebody that you don't want to work with.
0:34:52 Um, but those are really, really important. And think back for those of you that have done sales calls or voice messages in the GM's, was there anything that was kind of like a red flag that you maybe ignored and you still signed them on as a client anyway, but then looking back, it was like, Ugh, I 
0:35:12 was not a super good fit. See if you can identify those things. We had that trouble with specifically product based businesses for awhile.
0:35:21 And what we learned to identify was that we wanted to only work with product based businesses that really solved a legitimate problem.
0:35:30 So someone that sells like CBD and they talk about, you know, joint pain and Ms, and anxiety and things like that.
0:35:40 That's a very legitimate problem that their product solves. So that works really, really well within our framework. Now, someone with a clothing boutique boutique, that's, that's quite another thing, right?
0:35:54 And so those little differentiators took over a year to really get that narrowed down and locked in. But I would be thinking about that, be thinking about maybe other things that you see people in your industry that teach.
0:36:11 And when we talk a lot about this in the, in the sense of agitational content and your villain and all of that, but I would venture a guess that there are things that people in your industry teach that attract a certain mindset of person or a specific type of person with specific goals.
0:36:28 And if you don't align with that teaching in that practice, you maybe don't align with those people. And so maybe also be thinking about the practices of your industry that you don't, that you don't really agree with.
0:36:40 And people that participate in those things are super hot on those practices are probably not ideal clients for you. Um, and so knowing who you don't want to work with is arguably just as important, if not more than who you actually do want to work with.
0:36:58 And I've said this before, and I'll say it again, but you want to niche the problem that you solve, not the people that you solve it for.
0:37:10 So there could be people in multiple industries, multiple walks of life with all different backgrounds that have the same problem, but niching to a specific industry or type of person can be very, very limiting to you.
0:37:27 Whereas when you, your, your offers are specific to a specific problem, they speak to a specific symptom. Then you can call in those people that are aligned with you that are in all different industries and all different walks of life.
0:37:45 Um, going back briefly to connecting to your personal story, your personal story, your life experiences, like we said, is what has informed your offer, your desire to have this business, your interests?
0:38:04 Okay. So keeping in mind the fact that the problems that you solve are probably aligned with problems that you've solved for yourself.
0:38:16 Also consider that those other, that there's other similarities that people will connect with. So similar to talking about like having health issues as a child, there's a lot of people that kind of talk about that within their brand that very, um, welcoming and connective to one other people that have
0:38:42 been through the same thing, of course, to other people that know people that I've been through the same thing, but three, and this one's a big one, people that have been through other things that are totally different and unrelated, but by having that piece of experience from your past, having that 
0:39:06 knowledge and information, they're able to contextualize the results that you're going to provide for them. 
0:39:17 It kind of goes back to where we've talked about. We talked about it on a past training where if you take a word or an adjective or an abstract result that you have for people and you connect it to a metaphor or something more specific, that's exactly what you're doing when you're connecting your business
0:39:36 and what you teach to your own story, to specifics of the things that you've overcome, that you've learned problems that you've solved, you are contextualizing and making the results that you're offering concrete.
0:39:51 Okay. Because you're then able to provide a real world real life of sample of an outcome, right? So it's, I'm bringing this back into context with my own brand, which you guys have all seen.
0:40:06 It's quite one thing even to say, I grew this amount on social media. Sure, cool, good for you. Like we can see the follower account or a client made this dollar amount.
0:40:18 Great. We can see the Stripe Stripe screenshots, but there's not a lot of other contexts there to work with. Now having the information that I was a cancer survivor, who was bullied and struggled through high school because of that, and then was able to teach myself a lot of these skills.
0:40:42 And that's what struck up this business. When I was very young, suddenly that's a much more concrete transformation. So then other people that are maybe struggling or have health issues or financial issues, or are in a nine to five jobs, that's like really, really time consuming that they just want to
0:41:00 get out of so badly. It makes these results and these things that I'm able to provide for them that more concrete and attainable, because they're able to see more of the full picture of what it was of what the transformation actually was.
0:41:17 It wasn't just yay. 300,000 followers don't take talk. It was this whole life that led up to this. And so even with this, for lack of a better term, you know, baggage and things that had happened and gone on and struggles and things that had had to be overcome 
0:41:38 Regardless, there was able to see this result. So if she was able to do that with all of these things, then it suddenly attainable for me with all of my things, right?
0:41:49 So it further contextualizes and makes concrete these outcomes that you're providing through your offer. And that's why it's so important to connect to your personal story because just the client result, just the testimonial is not always deep enough.
0:42:07 There needs to be some deeper meaning, right? Because when people come to sales calls, what are they doing? Usually they're questioning themselves.
0:42:14 How do I know this will work for me? Can you guarantee me results are assured sure that this is going to work for my situation.
0:42:23 Right? And so by giving them that further contacts, you're not only saying like, these are the results that I provide, but also with all of these other things, with all of these other things that went on, it was able to have this outcome.
0:42:39 And so you're able to kind of quell those objections before they even come up, like, well worked with, for her, with this, this, this, and this.
0:42:46 So surely it'll work for me with this and this. Right? So you're making it more attainable and applicable to your audience.
0:42:55 Um, we talked a bit about this already. What symptoms are they experiencing that you have also experienced? And then how are you able to solve their problems?
0:43:06 Um, some people are certified in certain things. Some people are not. Um, but what about your personal experience makes you qualified?
0:43:17 Again, it's not necessarily that you made a bajillion dollars doing this thing or that you are the world's expert on this thing.
0:43:28 What about your life experience has made you interested in this? That is what gives you the qualifications. That is what gives you a deeper meaning because truly, truly as the consumer, what is more connected?
0:43:49 What is more activating someone's whole life story about struggling with body image and overcoming all these things. And now they're a fitness coach, or I'm a certified personal trainer.
0:44:08 Why, why don't you do that? Are you actually good at it? Do you enjoy doing that? Now? I'm like feeling like I have to research the certification process that you went through.
0:44:21 Like, was that actually worthwhile? Is it a decent certification? Right? That doesn't mean nearly as much, even though, you know, I feel like it should, as these are the things that I went through, this is why I'm interested in this.
0:44:34 This is what put me on that path. 
0:44:38 Again, people are emotional decision makers. And so if you can connect with them on an emotional level, you're going to have a stronger brain.
0:44:47 You're going to have a stronger brand presence. People are going to remember you, people are going to interact with you.
0:44:52 People are going to care on a deeper level about you and about your brand. Um, and then what will you share?
0:45:00 So bringing this full circle, each element of your offer should be aligned with personal experience and what you have learned.
0:45:09 So the elements of your offer are to simplify things, the problems that you solve for people, how are those specific problems aligned with your personal experience?
0:45:24 This will also allow you then to create content that is directly aligned with all the elements and topics within your offer.
0:45:35 So those are all the questions that I wanted to move through. Does anyone have any questions for me or any elements of their brand that they're not quite sure connect?
0:45:49 Well, that you'd like to kind of workshop together. 
0:46:03 Oh, I'm sorry that I jumped in on this late. I was checking my emails. I'm like, what? So I'm really looking forward to the replay.
0:46:10 Okay. Um, so my whole offer is helping people, uh, stop wasting their life. Um, I really need to work on this.
0:46:27 So it's the broken hearted woman. Uh, you know, she's got obsessive thoughts about somebody. Who's not thinking about her, trying to make it work with somebody, you know, rejection, all that, because that was me and I have my stories and, um, and how I figured it out.
0:46:44 But at the same time, like I'm not in a relationship. So it's like, okay, what, what am I promising this person?
0:46:53 I need to fine tune that. And maybe I'll be able to, um, get clearer or have an understanding of, of how, um, this will play out in my marketing and message, because what I do have, even though I'm not in a relationship is for freedom from like, I'm okay.
0:47:12 Like I have no doubt. I'll have the love that I desire. Like I will never be heartbroken again, especially not by my own hand, which was it.
0:47:21 It was always me that broke my own heart. So do you, can you confirm that it's going to be, that I'll be able to have a message that people will resonate with, even though they're not gonna be like, well, she didn't even have a relationship, let she know, you know?
0:47:39 Absolutely. So you hit the nail on the head there, your outcome that you're providing for people is ultimately freedom and self-awareness, you're not promising them a perfect, happy, lifelong relationship, right?
0:47:52 Because you can't control their partner, what they might do, right. Make those types of promises. But what you can promise is that you will have the tools to identify if this is someone that's right for you or not, you'll have the self-awareness to know, and to be able to detach yourself from someone
0:48:13 that is not right for you. And you will have the freedom to live the life that you want to have, that self-awareness to go after people that are actually good for you and to not be, you know, we'd be over people that are not good for you.
0:48:29 And so ultimately your outcome is freedom and autonomy. It really has nothing to do with relationships, relationships, and bad relationships is really just a symptom of the larger problem that they're experiencing, which is generally lack of self-respect limiting beliefs, struggles with self worth being
0:48:53 drawn to specific patterns because of childhood trauma, right? Those are the actual problems. The relationships are just a symptom of the problem.
0:49:02 Yes. So sell them what they want, give them what they need. So like the, the pain agitation, all that would be, you know, how to stop unwanted obsessive thought, you know, obsessing over someone.
0:49:16 Who's not thinking about you or, you know, they all how to get my ex back or how to manifest my SP and that makes me sick.
0:49:25 But I know that that would be the marketing message, but then I would need to work on what is the promise and the outcome, because freedom and autonomy doesn't seem like something they want you because they don't think they want that.
0:49:42 They want their ex. 
0:49:45 Right. Right. They think that they want that. And so that's where your problem aware content is really going to come in where you connect with what they're experiencing, but then challenging their perception of reality and then educating them.
0:50:02 So you're, um, working through the brand clarity and then working through probably with Tasha, she's really good at it, going through the problem, aware content and figuring out how you're going to package that is going to be really, really powerful for you because it's like that for every brand, people
0:50:20 think they want something, but like that's not even their problem. 
0:50:27 No. Is a great training. I'm really looking forward to my call with Carolyn tomorrow, because what, something that you said, um, in here, um, how people, they, they go through the content, but they, don't 50% of, you know, they finish it, finish it like 50% of the way or only 50% do.
0:50:43 So I I'm thinking that in having a membership, the first part that they would complete, which is, would be sold for more money.
0:50:53 Is there a foundation? And it is their new light at the end of the tunnel. Like it is the most important piece that they need.
0:51:00 So it, you know, being human and not wanting to stay focused and, you know, dropping off on these programs, this is ideal because as long as they get that first piece done, the rest of it is where I can be dropping into my membership and reminding them and teaching them because it is a habit.
0:51:18 And we're so ingrained in old subconscious programming and what is familiar. So I just get to go in there and keep reminding of, to create a new familiar based upon what they, it truly is that they desire.
0:51:30 And once they have that foundation that, that they can see like, oh my God, I'm the one who's been sabotaging me.
0:51:37 And now I know how not to say, I'm excited if you can't tell, I feel like after tomorrow, I'm just like, no, stop in me.
0:51:47 I love that. I'm so excited for you. That's amazing. I agree. I think membership is really the best option for you.
0:51:53 And that's why I push membership beyond just the reoccurring revenue, um, over courses is because usually it's the base of your funnel, but a lot of, most, most people, only 5% of people even open courses, let alone complete them.
0:52:10 So to sell a course with no like consumption reminders or anything is not going to be effective for moving people through your funnel either.
0:52:17 So, um, yeah, I think membership is definitely the best for you. 
0:52:22 Is that something that you would put in your marketing too, when you're selling a membership course that, you know, as a bonus that, you know, statistically, you know, 50% of people finish courses, how many courses have you opened?
0:52:34 Here's the benefit of having a membership? 
0:52:37 I mean, you could, I mean, I do, because I won't be able to build a membership, but I don't think that's something that you would necessarily talk about because it's people aren't worried about the stuff they're not worried about the container, they're worried about the outcome and the outcomes, what
0:52:52 you're selling. 
0:52:53 Yeah. I just thought maybe that being in that membership, like having a membership, as opposed to a one-time course would really show them the value.
0:53:01 Like you're not going to get lost, make, you're not going to, you know, you, you just won't fall off by being in here.
0:53:07 You'll always be reminded to, to, you know, acquire that feeling of love rather than fear. 
0:53:17 And you know, that can be something that's on your sales page. Accountability is a big thing for people when they're looking at different offers, 
0:53:24 Coca-Cola let somebody else have your time. 
0:53:27 Of course. Well, I'm glad that that was helpful. 
0:53:34 Of course. Uh, I see Ellie in the chat, so best such to share your story via short form video. So I've got to tell you, I wouldn't say there is best ones at all.
0:53:45 Um, really any of the hooks that we're using that are in that content plan can be used. It's really about dripping it in similar to how you drip in like something I do with my clients is, or something we teach in the membership.
0:53:58 It's where you just kind of sprinkle it into what you're already talking about. It's a very similar thing. So you'll kind of take what you're already talking about.
0:54:06 How does this connect to my story? How can I literally add just like one sentence or preface this in a way that kind of connects it back to me.
0:54:14 So you're not necessarily, again, dumping your life story. You're just kind of alluding to the fact that like there's more information or this is what I learned from this thing in my life.
0:54:24 You're not necessarily explaining all the things in your life. You're just explaining that, like, there's a connection. Um, so I know, I didn't really answer the question, but like there kind of isn't an answer.
0:54:38 So what other questions you guys have, or like I said, thick pieces of your brain. Yeah, 
0:54:48 I have a question. Um, so this is something that I have been really struggling with because, so the thing that really sets me apart, and that makes me the most qualified to do what I do, um, also is, you know, the most controversial part of my brand.
0:55:11 And on the one hand, I know that, you know, if I kind of put my story more out there that it'll probably help me go more viral on the one hand, but on the other hand, it also might in the eyes of a lot of people discredit me.
0:55:30 And so, um, there is, there's like an author and creator out there who I'm super obsessed with. And she was like, she was a dominatrix in New York.
0:55:42 And at the same time she was trading to become a Dallas nun at the only all women's monastery in China.
0:55:50 And so she took like her, you know, findings and built this basically power for women school in New York. 
0:55:59 And so she's like, you know, off doing her thing. And so she's been like a really huge sort of, um, like role model for me.
0:56:08 But at the same time, I feel like she has more credentials. Like she does things on a way bigger scale than I did.
0:56:17 And I'm just kind of like, I feel like I really have something here, but I've just, haven't quite figured out how to package it for myself and how to tell my story in the most effective way that's going to get my messaging across and I'm prepared for the, you know, controversy.
0:56:38 I realized that that's just kind of what I signed up for when I started dancing. But, um, I feel like I'm like, right, like I'm really close to getting it, but I'm just not quite there yet.
0:56:50 Is that like a thing that's just going to come with time as I keep posting and sort of like figuring it out 
0:56:57 So partially, but also I think like really writing it all out on paper is also so powerful because you start to see connections, you didn't realize were there, um, another thing, and I won't go into detail because I don't know how much you want to share with everybody on the call, but 
0:57:14 That's okay. You can share with everybody, like, you know, we're all here. It's okay. 
0:57:19 Okay. So I would, there is definitely, so tell me exactly what, let let's let's workshop this, what problems exactly are you solving for your clients?
0:57:31 Um, so, well, the outcome that I want for my clients is that they are able to find, they are able to access their own inner peace and stability.
0:57:45 Um, like in the midst of chaos, 
0:57:52 I'm just writing this down. So I don't forget. So how do you do that? What's, what's the roundabout way of explaining that without, you know, actually walking me through it, what do you do for them?
0:58:07 So I want, I want to help them create a consistent, sustainable meditation practice, where they are able to figure out the answers that they need for themselves.
0:58:25 And they learn how to listen to themselves and build that sort of mental, um, stamina in order to sit with their own, you know, emotions and sensations and still find clarity and groundedness.
0:58:43 And so, you know, over like, I want to have, like, I'm going to have a three month program. And during that three months, I want them to build this, you know, really solid meditation practice.
0:58:54 And throughout that, while they're doing that, I want to be able to coach them because, you know, if they do it on their own, then they might let their mind wander and not realize like, actually, you know, you want to think of it like this.
0:59:08 And I want to be there to help them like get back on track so that they'll get four out of their meditation practice and they would a lot more than they'd be doing it just by themselves.
0:59:18 Right. Okay. Perfect. So then tell me as, as brief as you can K remember just trying to pack because just for social media, what about your story or your history made you interested in this?
0:59:38 Um, so I was in a job that poked at every single trigger I had. I had PTSD, I had a raging eating disorder, you know, addiction like family betrayal, like, you know, the work and because of the biases that the mental health industry has, again, you know, sex workers in general, it was really difficult
1:00:01 for me to find help that, you know, works. And so I, there are, there are a lot of different things that helped me, but the one consistent sustainable thing that I would say was the biggest help of all was me committing to a meditation practice and committing to my own, you know, healing and committing
1:00:25 to the meditation practice was something that I always had access to. And there were, you know, tons of books about it.
1:00:31 And that was the one thing that really helped me to get super clear on what it was that I needed to do to find my own inner strength, to come back from homelessness and all sorts of things.
1:00:49 And, you know, that led into all the changes that I've made for my life this year. So like, yeah, like I completely transformed my body this year.
1:01:00 I changed my work environment and I'm now like becoming a leader, like an unofficial kind of leader at my workplace now.
1:01:09 And I'm becoming the biggest moneymaker there. Now, this has all happened like in the last few months. And so, um, I'm seeing all these changes for myself and, you know, I've cut back from, you know, very, very low places and failed over and over and over again.
1:01:26 And, you know, I didn't do it myself, but I did do it myself. And so I want to aid other people who, so it's kind of like, if I can do it, you can do it kind of thing.
1:01:38 Perfect. So exactly what you just said, that's, that's it right there now that feels run on and long, right? That was a long explanation.
1:01:50 So is it safe to say that because that industry biases in the mental health industry around sex workers made it really difficult for you to seek the help you were needing.
1:02:04 So through what you've learned, you want to share that and make it accessible to anyone else who's struggling. Is that safe?
1:02:22 So that's exactly it. And so then all of the other things that you mentioned addiction coming back from homelessness, are those all necessarily going to be in one video?
1:02:33 No, absolutely not. But you know, this is one thing that made it possible for me to come back from homelessness.
1:02:44 Wow. Now you have my attention. And are you talking about meditation while you're crap girl? Like I'm going to listen to that.
1:02:51 Like if it helped you, but I'm sure it'll help me with my problems. Right. So it's kind of that same thing that we were just talking about.
1:02:56 So then literally anything else that you want to share. So again, it's not like going super deep into the story.
1:03:03 I mean, you can go deeper into it if you want to and share more of the emotional side and all of that, 
1:03:09 But 
1:03:10 Then you don't have to. So kind of just looking at the surface level of this is what it was, this is the situation, and this is why I'm doing, what I'm doing now is what's going to communicate that transformation.
1:03:24 So I would make a list of like the top 10 things that you want to talk about kind of overcoming.
1:03:33 Okay. And some of those will be more specific to you. Some of those will be more relatable to others. You mentioned PTSD.
1:03:41 That's something, a lot of people have, people have PTSD for a variety of different reasons. I was diagnosed with PTSD from all of the medical stuff that I had.
1:03:51 So I also have that. So there's, there's a lot of people that connect with maybe not why you have PTSD or maybe, maybe they have it for the exact same reason, but a lot of people have that.
1:04:03 Lot of people have anxiety. A lot of people have for mental health that they try to self-medicate and it turns into an addiction, right?
1:04:12 There's a lot of different elements of that that are relatable to a lot of people. So I would write down, like I said, I kind of tend things or symptoms or struggles that you overcame.
1:04:23 And of course then meditation and your program that you're offering is the solution to their problems. And then, um, essentially all of this left is until like craft a mission statement, which is essentially we can workshop that just a little bit, make it shorter and available to go on Tik TOK, but making
1:04:45 mental health accessible to others because it wasn't accessible to you. 
1:04:50 Okay. I guess that's the other thing that I, you know, I'm sort of struggling with because for this first, for like the first thing I want to do is I want to do like, you know, a coaching group, like, like a small, like a group coaching kind of thing with like five people and do high ticket.
1:05:08 And then, you know, moving on later, like later on, I want to do like a membership that, you know, a monthly membership that's, you know, significantly less expensive than that, which actually is more accessible to people.
1:05:21 And, you know, while I've worked through these things for myself, I don't know if I'm comfortable dealing with somebody who's in the midst of like a really difficult addiction issue or has, you know, really, really bad depression or is like right in like the thick of their PTSD.
1:05:40 Like I don't know, if I'm qualified to help people who are as low as I was, as, as I was kind of today, like, I want to be, I want to be more like I've been through this.
1:05:50 And so I'm like, I could definitely help you because your problems probably aren't as like, you know, as significant as these, 
1:05:59 Does that make sense? 
1:06:00 Yes, absolutely. Which is why those elements of your story. They're going to be, um, they're going to be authority builders for you.
1:06:09 They're not going to be necessarily the symptoms that you're connecting to. So you're not going to be making content, speaking to people that are currently dealing with addiction.
1:06:19 You're going to be saying, if you're struggling with insert thing that you want to help, this is what I was able to do that allowed me to overcome addiction to overcome this.
1:06:32 And so that helped me with that. It's going to help you with this. 
1:06:37 So it's like, it could kind of be like, if you're dealing with anxiety, this is the level of, of anxiety I was dealing with and how I overcame it.
1:06:45 So I can most definitely help you with what you've got going. 
1:06:48 Exactly. 
1:06:50 Okay. Thank you. Thank you so much. 
1:06:53 You're welcome. You got it. Um, I'm going to workshop that a little bit more. I'm going to send you like, kind of my idea for a mission statement, but I did send you kind of the outcome thing that I typed up as, as you were talking.
1:07:05 So you at least kind of have some notes there of how that connects together because that's exactly it. Of course, of course.
1:07:15 Awesome. Does anyone else have any questions or any elements they want to talk through? 
1:07:27 No. Okay. Awesome. Well, I love to hear that means, like explain things well, so if you guys have any questions about this or want to workshop this more, shoot me a message or message in the group.
1:07:41 So other people can kind of help you with it. Or of course, request to call, um, with Sasha or Carolina, they're both definitely able to talk you through this as well.
1:07:50 Um, this replay will be up within the next 72 hours for those of you that want to rewatch it and do not forget, we are having a bonus training tomorrow.
1:08:01 The, I am so, so, so excited about, we're going to be talking about sales, psychology, and body language in your content and in sales, um, which is kind of my jam.
1:08:10 So I'm really, really excited about that. The notifications and information for that should already be up in mighty networks. So, um, I'll see you guys, then you guys are amazing.
1:08:22 I'm so glad that we I'm so glad that we did this. So let me know what you guys need. I'll see you soon.
1:08:29 Bye.
