00:00 Today we're talking about overcoming objections. So basically a lot of times people are holding back from buying from you because they have objections about what you do what you're selling, and they don't really understand how those objections are irrelevant.
00:23 So instead of waiting for a sales call to make those objections clear or overcoming them or keeping the people with objections that you don't want to handle away.
00:33 You can just tackle them in your content. So I used to do this where like I used to wait till a sales call and then people would have like the same objections over and over again.
00:41 And then I realized if I just create content about it, that's like beating them to it. And it's really helpful in that either it's going to help them see why the objection doesn't matter and it will help them buy more efficiently and make your sales process easier and quicker and make the conversation
00:57 faster. Or the people who don't believe what you say or triggered by the objection handling will stay away, right? So either way it's a win for you.
01:08 And so I recommend you do this in your TikToks and your video content. But also in your stories, I do this really often in my stories.
01:17 If I see a certain week or a certain time of period, There's a common objection that I'm seeing often over and over again.
01:25 I'll just make a story sequence about it, and we can talk more about that, but One of the most common ones for any single industry is the I'm special narrative So whether you are helping people in the fitness industry, helping them getting paid brand deals, helping them with their mindset, helping them
01:43 with Like meditation, whatever your area is even building websites for them. People just think that they're special they think that they're unique, they think that what they do is different, and I think that common things don't apply to them.
01:56 That's every space I've seen this show up in different ways. And so what this really comes down to is you thinking in your specific industry list every reason why somebody thinks that they're unique or exempt from what you teach or that the solution won't work for them.
02:15 So like for me a lot of people think that their business is not for TikTok right that's something that the I'm a special narrative translates to for people in influencer marketing like for you Britt people probably think well I'm in a unique niche that brands don't want to work with.
02:35 For you Cara people might think that they have certain trauma that nobody understands and they can't get over. So the on special narrative shows up in different ways.
02:47 And if you can understand what it translates to, instead of just making a video that says, you're not special, you can use the words that they use, that mean that they think that they're special, so that way they can understand why they're actually not.
03:02 So this is some examples that I've seen personally. My TikTok is broken. They think that they're special because they think that the algorithm hates them.
03:11 They think their content is just as good as everyone else is and that they're just not lucky. They think that their clients are not on TikTok.
03:18 They think that they've tried TikTok and it just isn't for them. That strategy doesn't work for them and that when they just don't try, they get better views.
03:28 But that just means that their content that they try on is probably not good. And then that they need one-on-one custom support, which sometimes it's true, but a lot of times is just because people have been burned or like they think that they need a lot of help but it's really simpler than it is.
03:47 So I encourage you all to list all the ways that people think that the solution you give isn't for them.
03:53 So that way you can make a video instead of saying you're not special. You could say your TikTok is not broken.
03:59 Your clients are on TikTok. A strategy does work for you. You just haven't had the right one, right? So each of those were variations of to be tackling different ways that that objection might show up in people's minds.
04:13 The next one is, I've been burned before. Social media has really saturated. People have bought a lot of programs no matter what you teach or do.
04:23 They've probably been to somebody else and felt like they were not supported or left out or whatever. So sometimes these people are not people you wanna work with and sometimes they are, it really depends.
04:36 So if somebody has tried a bunch of different programs and bought from a bunch of people and they think like nobody has helped them, everything is terrible.
04:46 That's probably somebody you don't want to work with and that's a red flag. But if somebody has like just bought from one person and maybe they were promised something that wasn't delivered and it's something more objective like that, then you want to help that person see how you're going to support
04:59 them differently. So a lot of people in this program with me and in this cohort and the next have been burned by past like TikTok coaches or social media coaches who tell you they're going to give you a strategy and then they just give you a bunch of weird hacks and trends and they just tell you to 
05:15 post an educational content today and an inspirational content tomorrow. And that wasn't the thing that they thought they were going to learn.
05:21 So you kind of have to think how has somebody been burned by other people and what do you do differently.
05:29 How do you teach differently, work differently, support people differently. This is also something that's really good for Instagram stories, but you can put it into your TikToks as well, because when I tell people I teach you how to create personalized content, it's not just like re-scripted, like a
05:50 done for you, scripts that everybody gets or whatever weird stuff I've heard other people do. They understand and they build more trust with me.
05:58 It's just helps them see what I actually do versus the assumptions that they've had based off of past negative experiences.
06:05 So you kind of want to list all the different ways if you support them differently. Maybe you help them with done with you elements and you like work with them more closely or you have different support elements or the way that you teach is differently or like if you build websites you don't use templates
06:24 . Everything is from scratch, right? Whatever it is, you want to make sure that people have a really clear understanding of how it's different from the places that they've kind of not been happy with spending their money on in past scenarios.
06:41 So like ones that I've heard in my space when people say I've been burned before is my questions were never really answered.
06:49 People kind of just beat around the bush or never really give me the information because they didn't want they were trying to get keep information in the program.
06:57 They over-promise and under delivered. They never really answered me. It was on me to ask the right questions. But when it came to communication, they never really asked me anything.
07:08 And I was in a 200 person group program when they never really told me how many people would be in there.
07:13 So that's things that I've heard. And so I made sure I tell people like, oh, it's I have like a 30 person group program or like this is how what the experience is like, I like to guide people on my calls, things like that.
07:26 Those are really good for honestly stories because people who are on the verge of buying probably have this fear of being burned again.
07:33 So you want to make sure that they know how you're going to support them and that you're committed to them and that you care about them.
07:40 This is really going to help a certain type of buyer feel comfortable and confident in buying from you. Okay, the I can't afford it is really common as well.
07:49 A lot of you guys sell higher ticket things even if you don't. I can't So you want to think, what is the ROI, what is the value and what you do?
08:05 This is why educational content, just by itself, is not good. You have to show how it brings people value. So if I was just saying, like you're going to get a bunch of views on TikTok and people didn't understand what that meant for their business, spending a certain amount of money doesn't make sense
08:21 . But if I show how it brings multiple high ticket clients and a broader client, like $30,000 with a leads in a day or whatever else, people now understand why it's worth investing in.
08:33 So if people are saying I can't afford it over and over again, you're either attracting a load ticket clients, their locality, or you're not communicating the value.
08:42 So you have to make sure that you can communicate what you do in a way that people understand how it's a high ticket solution, right?
08:51 How it has value. And so there's probably a disconnect in what you're saying versus the actual value of what you do.
08:59 And that really starts in your content because that's the first impression. So you wanna make sure that when you're speaking about what you do in your content, you're always ensuring that people understand what it means and how it affects them and what's the transformation, what's the end result, why
09:12 it's worth spending money on. Yeah. Okay, I'm too busy is something that some people say. Like it's not the right time for them.
09:26 They have a lot going on. And in this scenario, you want to make sure you clearly understand, help them understand why now is the right time, or how you support busy clients.
09:39 So like on my stories, I would say something along the lines of, I have, it's like a couple hours a week and you have a library of recordings that goes in your own pace.
09:50 That's the same thing I would say in a sales call, but now I'm broadcasting it to a learner audience, but they don't have to get some sales called to understand that.
09:55 Maybe that was holding the back from getting there. But now being the right time is huge. If you can make sure people understand the urgency of like, if nothing changes, nothing changes, right?
10:05 And every single understood you guys are in, people need to make a step towards something where also they're going to have the same problems over and over.
10:11 And if you help them understand that they need to take that step step now instead of waiting, like what's the repercussions of waiting?
10:18 In my scenario, if you, if people are waiting to nail their social media strategy and convert their audience, They're going to have a really hard time scaling their business effectively without putting a lot of money into a website or all the other ways that people market these days in the digital space
10:36 . There's a lot of other repercussions that come with not knowing how to convert your audience. The hours wasted on content, the money that they spend on agencies, whatever else.
10:48 You want to make sure that they understand all the time energy money wasted with the ways of not taking the step now versus what it would like if they took the step with you.
10:58 And so, some of that is just talking about the transformation with your past clients and yourself and what you've seen.
11:03 But you want to make sure that it's clear that, you know, it's not going to just like, you're not going to magically, even if you come across a TikTok that brings you some clients.
11:14 A lot of people don't even know why it worked for them. So, that's why I say in my content sometimes, it's like, even if you've got it right and you've lucky, do you know how to repeat it?
11:22 So even if you wait until a certain time when you get a certain amount of clients, you're not going to be able to repeat it if you don't understand what's going on in the back end of what you said that actually worked.
11:32 For the not right now, I, you know, obviously there's a lot of people that are like busy and someone actually even was in my DM's the other day and was like, they told me, okay, I like want to start in September, but then like September is now really busy.
11:48 And she's like, I want to just get on the calendar for like, I want to just start in October. Can I like buy now or something like that?
11:54 So it's like on her schedule. So obviously if someone like already has a busy schedule, I don't really want them to join where they can't get the most out of it.
12:04 But I'm like, literally just talking this out and coming up with a solution right now. But like, I can say what that girl said to me were like, make it part of your schedule and plan for it.
12:12 Like, maybe you have a busy summer. Like, everything's already booked. So don't join in the summer, but make a plan for September so that you like have it in your calendar You know that there's gonna be two group calls a month for three months like and get started So if you make it part of your plan
12:28 then it'll help. So thank you for letting me talk to you. Yeah, I appreciate that I think that's a really good way of putting it because like everybody's lives are always busy with the million things Right, that's all of us are always busy And it's like a subjective way of thinking because there's always
12:44 going to be something in your mind So I like the way that you said planning for it So that way if there's another commitment that pops up, you know, wait no I have this other thing that I committed to in my mind So I think that's a really good way of approaching it.
13:00 Okay. I'm weighing my options is really common So this goes back to the differentiators that we talked about if people are saying I'm weighing my options It means that they're not sold on you You know, honestly, like if people say a lot of those other objections we mentioned on the sales call, it sometimes
13:16 means that they're not sold on you and they're just trying to get out of the conversation. So getting sold on you means that there's things in their mind that they don't understand or they don't know about why you're different and so they want to shop around.
13:32 So for instance this is a good example. I was looking for somebody to help me help me in my business with my systems and my automations and stuff like this past two weeks ago.
13:42 And I was weighing my options, but I was secretly waiting for somebody to say a certain thing and I didn't want to give them the thing to say.
13:48 So I had one sales call with one girl who was a tech person and she was saying She thought all the right things but I was looking for something in particular and then I had another call another call and then the last girl I met with she kind of was framing things what I was really looking for was her
14:04 telling me she's gonna go into my business look in my back end stuff and Basically do it herself and she already knows the problems that I have so I was weighing my options But I was looking for something in particular So when people say they're weighing their options, they just don't know why you're
14:20 different or they're just not sold on you. So you want to think, how are you different than everybody else and how is that beneficial to the customer or client?
14:30 And you want to make those differentiators super abundantly clear in your content. So that's why I always talk about, I don't teach hacks, I don't teach trends, I don't teach you how to get views without conversion.
14:39 Even if you get a million views, you need to know how to convert your audience. All of the things that I do differently, like nobody else is teaching the way I teach because I just built this program after working with people from my own brain I'm not stealing anything from anyone like this is how I
14:53 think about things So I know that I'm different and so I know that you guys know that there's some things that you do differently And if people are saying they're waiting their options It just means that they're not sold on you which means you have to make it really clear how you're different so that
15:05 way it's even More easy for them to make the decision just based off of a video that they see from you rather than getting to the sales call and still not being sold on you because they could probably see something from your content prior to that that sells them on you or makes them realize that you're
15:20 not already fit, which is fine too. So you have to think how are you different? Make that clear. And the other thing is framing, we talked about this before, but I wanted to bring it up again, framing something that's seemingly negative as a positive.
15:36 So when I bring up, for instance, that like I don't have like a lot we've mentioned, I don't have like a lot of Tik Tok followers, but I still have 300 and something leads in a month and a half or two months.
15:53 Right? Like I have a client that has 140,000 followers and she has the same amount of leads. So my level of conversion is very high for somebody with a smaller account and I use that to my advantage and people ask me about why don't you have a lot of followers or people comment things like that.
16:09 I realize that's something that people secretly think and I use it to my advantage. A lot of your negatives are positives and so when people are weighing their options, they may be secretly thinking that something is a negative so if you can portray it as a positive which it probably is, it'll help.
16:23 Like, if you're a photographer who's turn around time for editing photos, it's two weeks instead of a day, you can say it's because I don't use the same filter and edit on every single picture and copy and paste.
16:34 I edit every single picture individually, so that's why it takes me two weeks. So people honestly probably don't understand how some of the things you do are positive and they just think they're comparing apples to oranges and they don't understand how some things benefit when you can make them see 
16:47 how the things that they may assume are not the best are actually super powerful. Okay, so these are all ones that I created content around which was objection handling and you guys can go watch them later but I wish I wanted to talk about each one so that you know like where it came from why I created
17:11 the video. So the one on the left, it didn't get that many views but it got a lot of comments of people saying they wanted to work with me and I think I got some applications from this.
17:20 I can't really remember but I remember it being converting and it was just me doing a really long video. It was not built for views.
17:27 It was just built for anybody who's probably debating working with me to get sold because I knew that there was something I was doing differently and so I made a long video just explaining how when I meet with my clients, I come with certain questions in mind and I look for certain things whereas other
17:47 TikTok coaches who my past clients actually went to and recorded their calls and I got to watch so I knew how I was doing things differently.
17:57 They would just sit there and be like okay what questions do you have and just wait for the person to ask certain questions and they'd be like okay yeah just like make another video that's more relatable and I was like oh my god I didn't know people were charging the same amount of money as me and doing
18:11 only that. So I made a long video about how I saw these other coaches, applying calls, and I do things a little bit differently.
18:19 And then I wanted to reload. Let's see if this works. The middle one was when I had a bunch of calls in a certain day or week where people kept saying TikTok leads are such low quality.
18:31 People don't want to pay a lot of money on TikTok. When they find you on TikTok, they're not high ticket.
18:35 They're not high-quality leads and they just don't want to buy. They only want to buy something small. They don't, or they're not sold on you.
18:43 And so, I made a video that was basically saying, basically feeding into it in the beginning. And I was like, oh, tick-tock leads are such look-quality.
18:52 And then I showed my data of how many leads I've gotten the $10,000 clients that I've gotten from a couple of videos that found me just on TikTok, yada yada yada.
19:06 So I overcame the objection. I made sure that they knew that's not true. And then the last one was I had a few calls where people were saying, I think my account was just broken or I'm shadow bands because I get like 200 views only no matter how hard I try.
19:22 And I'm like, it just means that your content's not good. But I told them on the call and I don't know if I heard their feelings but they needed to hear it because if you don't want to hear it and I tell you that on the call that we're probably not good to work together because I work on being honest
19:36 , right? But I started making content around that because so many people were saying that and I wanted them to know you're not shadow hands, TikTok doesn't hate you, the algorithm doesn't hate you, your account's not broken, you're just not creating good content.
19:50 And some people really need to hear that and they just have an assumption because there are other TikTok coaches who tell you that you're partly shadow banned and your account is broken and you start a new one.
19:59 So, like, I know it's not always the clients full. Like, they're just hearing this misinformation from other people and it comes off as an objection when they just are misinformed.
20:07 So, these are all examples if you wanted to watch them. I do it pretty often in my content. If you see me mentioning something in my video, like, it doesn't matter if you have 200 followers.
20:18 It doesn't matter if your business is super niche or different. That's me thinking about a common objection that people will say on a sales conversation and me inserting it into my videos.
20:30 So that's it for this bit. So I wanted to take time now with the extra time we have and go through the objections you guys have in the notion worksheet.
20:44 And for each one, if you guys want to list out the ways they show up for you for like 10 minutes and then we can focus on the ones that work harder for you guys to hash out so so I can help you directly.
20:56 Is there any questions right now before we jump into that activity? Feel like it's a slower day, which I appreciate.
21:10 So yeah, we'll give you guys 10 minutes and go through all of the objections we mentioned and write the translation into your industry, how people think this in your space and then we'll come back.
21:30 So. Hi Jess. So while everyone is writing, I want to ask, I think one concern that I get from my clients, which I, I don't have a solution for, which is they want, so the brands want someone to handle their social media content creation, but they kind of fought it.
24:37 They kind of fought it will be. Yeah, they're like, oh, it takes five minutes just posting whatever. I know they assume like it takes five minutes to create a video and posting.
24:51 That's it. Exactly. So that there's not actual content to be solved, right? You need to go and find a budget.
24:59 All like learning themselves is either all. Yeah. So when they come to you, you tell them they they need to do it themselves or find money for it.
25:07 So do they understand why it's worth the money to have somebody do it. They know it's important. They know it's important that's why they want someone to do it but they because if they are small business owners they would handling everything on their own and then they would be like okay I've got to 
25:27 do inventory you know I need to, let's just say the, I just had a call this day for jewelry designer, you know I design, I'm designing a jewelry, I need to meet the suppliers.
25:35 I don't have time to create content myself then I ask like what's your budget? Oh, it's around 2000. I know it's like, yeah, there's not gonna be enough, especially if you want to get someone I mean 2000 is enough for social media manager, but Not you, you see creators Not someone that can bring in 
25:55 sales online for you, you know, so you have a level kind of social media manager, which is just $2,000 a month wasted because they also need money for like UGC, right?
26:08 Yeah. Yeah. So when you talk to them, how did that conversation end? I told the one yesterday, I told her I will get back to her next week, because I just didn't have time to review her stuff.
26:29 So she sent me her business and like research on her target audience, so she's done that. But I was going to like just reverse engineer based on her budget to see which would be the most effective strategy.
26:45 So we're like, you know, get the collapse with new UGC creators. And then I told her that I can probably help.
26:52 I can have a plan high level strategy marketing strategy, but execution wise, you would, you know, take my plan and give it to agency to execute because I don't do execution.
27:03 So, how much time would she need to commit to if she executed it herself? She thinks it's going to be a lot of time, even though I told her it's not going to be that much.
27:18 But then again, everyone has their own learning curve. Yeah. Maybe it's about her understanding how long it actually takes if you give her an actual number.
27:29 Like, if it takes three hours a week because I'm literally creating all of the ideas for you and you can just create them all at once.
27:35 Does she know that? Okay, so I think that's where it's coming from. So it seems like people think it's a blocker way.
27:46 Either you need to dump a lot of money into it or have to spend a lot of time. But in a scenario that you're providing, it's a good amount of money but it's not as much as agency, UGC route, right?
27:58 It's a medium amount of money and invest the time and a medium amount of investment time. So I think you just need to understand, like I'm doing a bulk of the ID for you and then you're doing the executing, but it's so much less time because I'm planning it for you.
28:14 I think that's where the objection is coming from and so in your content, you can probably talk about like your clients only spend three hours a month on their content when you create the ideas for them, because that's usually where they struggle.
28:26 And they know it's worth their time because they're gonna bring in X amount of money. Right? Yep. Okay, thank you.
28:34 Yeah. All right, Brit, how would you start the video? And then overcome it. I know you shared a few examples about how I'm blanking on how to do the video.
28:41 Yeah, I want to see. Sorry. I have an idea that we can kind of talk through how the video would be.
28:47 So I've had people say, like, I've tried everything that you talk about in your content. This is what I was doing, like a ton of educational content.
28:52 But like I've tried everything you talked about in your content and it like I'm still not getting results. Yeah. And some of the some of the things that I had talked like thought of is it's about timing.
29:09 Like it's not something that you just try once and then it's done. In the program like we're tweaking the strategies specifically for you and making those adjustments over time.
29:22 Not just like trying it once and then seeing what happens. Like you might try something and then there's a way that we like change it up so that you're trying something different.
29:32 And then it's also still like even though there might be some strategies in there that I'm sharing. Like it's still general information.
29:38 It has to be like customized for you. Yeah. So like in your content you used to share, did you used to give them like what to say when they pitched to brands and stuff like that?
29:48 Like that type of education? No, but I would give like more details of like, how many times do you follow up?
29:54 Like what do you, what sort of like general things do you say in your follow-ups? Or like what type of brands to pitch, contract negotiations, negotiation tips, so it was a little more specific, but I'm sure that like even though I'll switch up my content, like they're probably still gonna have this
30:16 objection. Is there like a root problem? Like is it possible that their content is not good or like everyone's a little different?
30:26 Like sometimes people just like are saying general things. Like they could have really, really great content, but they have no idea like what to say that would brand to like sell it.
30:35 Okay, so I would create a video of like, if you're pitching the brands and you're doing all the things I say and nothing's working, this is what's might be going on.
30:41 Number one, you don't know how to personalize this to you. Number two, your content is asked. Number three, I would go through all the different things that could be actually holding them back because maybe people think, oh, I just need to pitch the right way.
30:54 And then I'll get everything I want. But, you know. Could I even say, like, if you've been trying all the things?
30:59 Yeah. If you've been trying all, like, and I could list them, I could do this like a couple different ways.
31:03 Like, if you've been trying all the things, if you've been trying all the things I share, yeah, I would do even on your stories more personal.
31:12 Like if you've been trying all the things I share and then I'll tick talk more general if you've been trying all the things you know what I mean yeah and still not getting deals yeah this is why and then list out like my overcome the objections yeah is there another objection that you help.
31:44 Yeah. I think that like I get it's to like not they don't say exactly it's too expensive like they're like I can't afford it right now or like I get I have to save up and I don't know how to say like okay but how much are you leaving on the table with each deal because like if someone's like okay I'm
32:04 just gonna continue to get two hundred dollar deals and they could be a thousand dollar deals, like you're leaving $800 on the table.
32:11 That's half of the program. Yeah, so that's something I would also put on your stories and say like I would think about the lowered, okay, I think sometimes on your stories when you talk about like $20,000, $30,000 brand deals, yeah, like out of touch for people who are thinking that objection.
32:31 So I would think of like one of the smaller ones where people were offered like a free collaboration or like a $200 dollar collaboration and you turn it into a thousand dollar collaboration and say like this is why if you're only at this level that this investment is going to work like help you because
32:47 not only are you going to be able to make turn in a $200 brand deal into a $3,000 brand deal but you'll know exactly how you did it so you can repeat it for all those other brands in your inbox.
32:57 Right because maybe people think it'll just be like a one-time thing or they won't really learn how to repeat the success or that the brand deals you're talking about people are getting like big ones already.
33:11 You know what I mean? Okay. Yeah, that does make a lot of sense. So what would be like kind of the hook or the start of that?
33:18 Like like, maybe if you're waiting to learn how to pitch to brands, okay, waiting, you know, like, that's what I'm hearing.
33:30 Yeah. That's how it started. Do you ever call it out though like specifically like if you're saving up like for this time or like you're yeah that's that's something I put on my stories because that's a lot of people who are like saving up but on TikTok for people who don't know you know you're content
33:48 okay then you would put something along the lines of like if you're waiting to invest in learning how to pitch to brands or you're not taking your pitching I don't know seriously yeah variation of that you're gonna just be stuck in like $200 brand deal land for forever and instead of investing and learning
34:09 how to turn them into four or five figure brand deals right away and being able to you know a lot of people also just need to hear this is something for all of you they need to hear like about your investments so like I talk about like I invested in myself I invested in these other programs to grow 
34:27 my business to this point. And so that attracts people who resonate with that message and who realize, oh yeah, I have to spend money to make money.
34:34 I need to invest in myself. I have to take a step forward before I can make money back. And so some people come to me and they say, I'm still waiting to make a return on investment for my last investment before I make my next one.
34:46 And in my mind, I'm like, okay, I don't want to work with those people because they think they need to think very conservatively that they need to make a bunch of money.
34:53 Everything has to be worth it, and they're not willing to take a risk. But you want to be with people who are willing to take a risk, because those are going to be the best people in your programs, because they're going to spend money and do everything that you say and work hard and not be worried about
35:05 the ROI every day. So you kind of just want to talk about like what making an investment in yourself means as a creator.
35:13 Right. The best creators probably invested in mentorship or in the right, I don't know, kind of stuff to make create make good content or whatever else to take the right step forward.
35:23 So, and every step that, oh yeah, Jay is a UGC creator, but for every industry that you guys are in, people need to hear what making an investment means.
35:37 So, that's why I talk about like, I wouldn't have been able to hit like X amount in a month if I didn't spend the thousands I did in learning sales, in learning how to start a business, you know.
35:52 Yeah, kind of like that kind of message is what a lot of people use and just talking about making investments, you know, kind of normalizing it.
36:01 There's one that also could be like for everyone to like just I bought programs before I didn't really get results.
36:06 I got with the video structure like do you talk about okay, the video like this might not work for, you know, just what you bought might not have worked for you.
36:14 I think it's really about just like finding the style that works best for you and the type of support that you need.
36:19 So like how do you kind of list out the pros and Regiators? What was the other programs? I Think most people buy programs that are like obviously cheaper and lower level lift for them for the Creator of the program.
36:35 So like I know a big one is that it's like a prerecorded program and then they have a Facebook group for support Yeah, so that's where I would talk about you need somebody to help you with your own personal messaging to brands and your own like video branding to attract deals because watching pre-recorded
36:53 things and not getting direct feedback, besides like a Facebook group, it's not going to help you get feedback on every pitching temp, like every pitch you send out and all that stuff that is important, you know.
37:05 We can't see what you're doing wrong in real time. Yeah. Exactly. Okay. Love it. Thank you. Mm-hmm. Okay. I know Shavani and Katarina jointly.
37:18 Basically, I just want to give you a rundown. We went through objections that people commonly have in sales conversations and are talking about how to tackle them in our content prior.
37:31 So whatever things that people say at a high level, like they think that they're special or exempts from what you teach or what you do or what you provide.
37:40 They think they've been burned before by other investments or other things that they've bought. They also believe that they can't afford it and also that they're too busy to spend the time to learn what you're doing or to take the step and then they're weighing their options.
38:03 So the replay and the stuff will be up after but I wanted to give a rundown and everybody was writing down variations of those objections for their industry.
38:13 Does anybody have more that they've kind of talked about that they don't know how to translate into content? I feel like I don't need this help.
38:28 I mean I'm okay. My life is functioning, my parents were okay. So I'll be okay. Yeah. I feel like that's more of a limiting belief because I'm wondering if people would even be open to a sales conversation if they believe that and like even open to watching your content.
38:50 You know what I mean? I don't think people would like go into a sales conversation and be like, I don't need your help.
38:54 I feel like it's people who recognize that they have a problem but don't know if you are the solution. That's what an objection is.
39:02 So like when you go into a sales conversation, one of the things that people think, Okay, I know I need help with something, something's not going right, but I don't think your solution works for me, but maybe somebody else is a better fit for me and I'm weighing my options, but I'm too busy right now
39:20 and so maybe I'll do it later this year, right? So like for you, it could be I know that my relationship with my family and myself is not right, like I don't feel great, but I'm really busy right now.
39:32 I'm really stressed out work. I have a lot of family stuff. So I'll go to somebody to help me with my mindset and my life later.
39:38 But you can create a video tackling that objection ahead of time by saying, if you're waiting to fix these things, you're never going to get out of them because the reason why you're so busy and stressed is because you're having these problems in relationships with yourself and your family.
39:54 Does that make sense? Yeah, no, that's true. If somebody doesn't think there's anything wrong with them, they wouldn't, you're right, they'll just scoff at the content and keep scrolling.
40:05 Yeah. Yeah. Karen, how are you doing? Taking a ton of notes. I mean, really good information today. One of the objections I get quite a bit is because a lot of people that resonate with me are older people because I'm older And my generation, including myself, as you know, are technically challenged
40:43 . And so I get that objection a lot. And what I was just going through my mind was that the program that I promote and I try and help with is the technical part.
40:57 But the reality is I can't help with the technical part, but the program can help with the technical part. Which is great.
41:05 I could promote it that way, but that doesn't make me any different than anybody else that's doing that program. Okay, so you're saying that a common objection is one that you don't uniquely solve.
41:21 That's right. Okay. Is it the most common objection that you get? Oh no, the most common objection you get is people can't afford it.
41:30 Yeah, that's what I thought. I'm doing a mini course right now. I'm creating a mini course. I'm going to start maybe a pre-launch in about a week.
41:48 I'm just trying to get all the stuff together. But my mini course goes into the basics of the technical stuff but doesn't go in depth into the technical stuff.
41:58 Yeah. So I would do it two different ways. You can first talk about your mini course and how it talks about basic technical stuff and frame it as a positive and that it's for people who are technically challenged and it's not going to be really overwhelming.
42:14 We're not going to go astronomically in depth and overwhelm you with things that you already don't have a foundation on.
42:21 The other thing you can do is just use yourself as an example in your content and say, look, I'm technically challenged.
42:27 And I do this. That's a way that you can still be unique even though your solution is not much different and show them as you're a living example that you exemplify the thing that they feel is holding them back.
42:39 So that's two different ways that I would tackle that. Awesome. I also wanted to point out is this like a side step in terms of for everyone in terms of like objections.
42:53 There's a lot of people in the online space like I like recognizing that people do things differently than me. A lot of people say you don't need to deal with people with objections, or if you deal with high ticket clients that are paying like five figures for programs, like they won't have objections
43:09 , these are like low ticket problems, these are people who you don't wanna work with. I don't believe that it's necessarily black and white.
43:17 What I do believe is if you are able to handle these in your content occasionally, especially when they come up commonly, you'll be able to weed out the people who still don't agree with you.
43:29 And then if you go to a sales conversation or you chat with somebody and they still feel this way, you'll be able to sell from their language if they are a red flag, if they are not willing to change their mind or they don't have a growth mindset or they're not willing to be open to a different way 
43:44 of viewing things. So I believe that there's value in talking about objections in your content, and showing them the different kind of mindset that you approach for each of these limiting beliefs.
44:00 And then if that attracts people that agree with you, that's great. And if the attracts people that has objections, you'll be able to tell them in a few minutes of talking to them, OK, they're just like really stuck on this point, and they don't want to get past it.
44:15 So I know that the people have different opinions about objections, and I wanted to address that a little bit. I know you joined the way, but do you have any questions or thoughts?
44:30 I really like what you, I think I can relate a bit to what Karen said, even if it is completely different, because what I'm doing, it's about financial education and financial literacy for young adults, and I feel like something that's a bit challenging for me.
44:44 If you're so young and if you're like, I'm still in university and stuff, how can you build trust so if you like that's a bit It's a completely different but similar, right?
44:54 So if so I really like what you said about being the example of how the solution worked it I feel like that's something Like also relates to me as well.
45:04 It's something that it's the most reasonable objection for someone to make Yeah, I think that's about turning a negative into a positive, like I'm this age and I've been able to see success in this area, right?
45:20 You don't have to be, you know, older or like having an established career to start thinking about this stuff or to have a deep understanding or you don't need to learn it from people who are in like financial careers because they overcomplicate it.
45:38 Like like how are you, what you're doing? How's it a positive, right? Yeah, that's a good idea. Yeah, so one of my clients, Katerina is a financial coach for like investing and a common objection she gets is I'm bad with numbers.
45:55 So I don't want to learn how to invest. Like I can't learn, it's too hard. I'm not, I was never good with math.
46:00 And so every week in her content, she always adds, even if you're bad at numbers, even if you suck at math, right?
46:06 Because that's usually the first thought that people have. Yeah, that's a really good point actually. Yeah, it's like it's very hard where it's too complex or yeah, that's why I think it's a very sense.
46:18 Yeah, Shavani. Okay, I just want to say so I want to target like older parents and I'm thinking like if Steve's five and older because I'm thinking about like my mom, she's in her 60s, But one, like trying to build a better relationship between adult children and older parents, and because they're such
46:45 a generational gap, they're a resistance of older parents listening to what I have to say. Like, you could do this to have a better relationship with a child, a grown adult child.
46:59 Does that make sense? Because they are in a place in their life where their habits, the mindset, everything is set.
47:10 And I don't know how to reach out to them, to connect, to say like it's a two-way street. It's a two-way street for people who are like your parents age or for your age.
47:27 So both, right, it's a two-way street, like between me and my parents, right? Like, if we want to have a better relationship, it has to be two-way, like I have to be able to understand where they're coming from, empathize, yet be able to hold a boundary, and the parents would have to understand that
47:44 because your grown adult child is saying that you weren't there for them, it's not necessarily pointing a finger at you, and I'm just using this as an example, of course, they just want you to know, they just want you to understand where they're coming from, but the resistance is generally from older
48:00 people, because, you know, I raised you, so there's nothing wrong with me. So I think you can approach it from both perspectives, either combined or one for each and share, like if you have adult children who you feel like or are pointing a finger at you even though you gave them everything and you 
48:22 raised them like this is what they actually mean, right? This is this is the experience I had with my parents because they thought I was blaming them for everything, but it was me just doing x, y and z.
48:34 And then you could come at it from your perspective of if you feel like your parents are, like your parents are in their 60s and you want to prepare the relationship because you have grandchildren that you want them to be close with and you're trying to talk to them, like use the other perspective
48:52 of they can change you just need to be good at setting boundaries while also speaking your truth. I don't know something along those lines it's a complicated scenario so I'm trying to.
49:05 I'll give it a shot see how. I know we have like five minutes left does anybody have any other thoughts questions objections that they want help translating into content?
49:32 Not bye. Take care. Not a question but just a comment I've been like in and out so a couple of you were sharing and it was really helpful regarding like you mentioned even being able to differentiate by using your own life experience of like oh I was like the technology example of like I was
50:01 able to figure it out so if I can do it you can too in terms of like it's simplified and that helped for my own process because I know for me a big objection is feeling like the process won't work or like there's so much unworthiness or heaviness that they feel like there's something wrong with them
50:22 and so that example of like the personal share of maybe like I've been in that place too, and the trauma and stuff made me think that.
50:34 And if I could get through it using this process, like you can too. Yeah, it's like the I'm too far gone.
50:43 Kind of believe that you probably felt at one point or thought it was way too heavy for to ever work through when you did it, right?
50:51 Yeah, yeah, exactly. Like I remember thinking that of like there's no way and you and or anxiety is even an example of like when you've lived with it forever you just feel like this is my life and there's no way it could not exist.
51:07 So kind of relating to like I remember when that was like what I believed and yet here I am now where it's like not not a part of my life so like the process can help you.
51:22 Exactly. Yeah. I think that's a perfect way of looking at it because a lot of people need to see that they their situation is fixable and they don't believe that because it hasn't been fixed yet.
51:35 They've never been able to overcome it. And so when you show them I've been there and I've been able to get over it.
51:41 I've been there and I've been able to work through it. Or I've felt that same challenge and you know it's it helps a lot with people being able to understand even.
51:52 I know like people comes to me and they're like I'm getting all these DMs and I don't know how to convert any of them and I feel like I'm losing all these leads and I tell them I had 30 leads in like two weeks earlier this year and I didn't convert a single one of them.
52:09 I was so bad at my sales conversations they're like oh okay so I'm not crazy so you understand how I feel and you can help me.
52:15 It's like a silly example, but I appreciate you sharing that. Yeah, thank you. Jay, your question in the chat is exactly, I think Kara asked that and somebody else asked that this week.
52:31 If there's no call to action, how do you end the video about making a scene incomplete? Do you leave them with a thought?
52:38 Kara, that was literally your post the other day, wasn't it? Yeah, I'm just watching there. What? And send me the video.
52:47 I'll just be watching it. She was asking the same question. I think instead of a call to action, you don't really need to leave it like tied in a bow.
53:00 And I don't know if it goes like, if you guys want to watch like the end of my videos, or maybe I need to watch the end of mine and see how I really end it.
53:07 I don't really use a certain way of ending it because on TechTalk, you want people to watch till the end.
53:13 And if people sense an ending coming, they will scroll and it hurts your watch time. So you kind of want to leave them at the end of the scene until the end.
53:20 And if it ends like on a cliffhanger, some people commented on my videos like, oh, I was like hoping you were going to say more.
53:26 And they really feel like I was going to do it because I was just talking and talking and then it ended.
53:30 But honestly, for TechTalk, you don't need to wrap it nicely. On Instagram stories, you can do call to action at the end of a story sequence.
53:37 You can end it nicely. People are looking for that there. But on TikTok, because it's watch time geared, if people are sensing, you're wrapping it up, you're acknowledging the stuff in the beginning, you're drawing a conclusion, you're leading up to a CTA, they're going to scroll away because they can
53:51 predict what's coming next, but you want them to not be able to predict the ending. And so if you have a predictable ending, it's going to hurt your watch time and your views.
53:59 Does that make sense? Yes, thank you. Okay, so I know at the end of our time, if you guys have any problems or challenges with converting your objections to content.
54:14 You could post them in the community and I'll look and then I really encourage you guys a few use Instagram to try some of these objections in your stories.
54:24 Use a translation to what it means for what you've seen and what you're offering and create a story sequence like if you think this.
54:33 But I know because I've been there I used to think that my business was exempt from TikTok and then I started posting on there And I got all these leads and what was missing was I didn't have a strategy blah, blah, blah Like you lead them through the thought process of helping change their mind and 
54:45 ship their perspective And you might get some people that were on the edge of their seat from buying and having yet that just needed to hear that so that's a challenge for you guys to do And Yeah Thank you Bye everyone.
55:04 Thank you. Thank you. Bye. Bye.
