0:00 let's talk about sales-backed content, specifically sales psychology and how to actually rotate through the different perspectives in sales psychology with a plan for your content.
0:10 So this is a reminder that your marketing is about the what and the why, not the how. So often we get caught up in thinking that more information, more value, more education more tips, more tricks is the key to getting people to trust us, want to buy from us, and actually drive conversions.
0:26 But we often get confused with the idea of what actual value is. We think that our value is what we know.
0:36 And that if we give this strategy and the little tips and tricks and all the information of the steps, that that's what brings in trust and brings in people wanting to buy from us.
0:47 But our true value is shifting their awareness and bringing a unique perspective with strong beliefs that align with their values and bringing light to their blind spots and their root problems that they don't see and showing results that align with what they want.
1:05 And so it's not about the information. And I want to keep reminding you of this because when you stop seeing as many results or you plateau, you start questioning if you should be giving more away when in reality, what you give is through your beliefs and your insights.
1:19 So the PAS framework that you all know is problem, agitation, solution. So problem aware, agitation, and solution are the various types of content.
1:28 The problem aware is really to talk about the sign and symptom and then direct it to the root problem. Like, if you can't stop eating snacks, it's not because you have a binge eating problem.
1:39 It's because you have imbalanced sugar in your body. Something that really brings them a diagnosis, like when you go to the doctor and you have all these symptoms.
1:50 There is a way for that doctors take the symptoms and they show you what the real problem is and you're going to come in thinking, I've looked at WebMD and I think I have the flu or I have cancer.
2:03 And they're like, no, you actually just have the common cold. Right? So the entire goal with Problem Aware is to be the doctor that gives them the diagnosis.
2:13 You're honestly, essentially a doctor throughout this entire experience, but we can talk about that a little bit more. Through agitation, you're talking about the mistakes and myths, the misconceptions that are keeping them from fixing the root problem.
2:25 And I want to point out that I put and the effect on the business and every single thing, because we forget that we have to do this.
2:32 We just talk about what we think and what we believe and what the mistakes are. And that this is a symptom.
2:37 These are the root problems. And we forget. That the entire point is to link it back to how it affects them.
2:45 So I put the business because many of you serve business owners, but if you don't, it's the effect on the individual, the impact it has on their objectives, their life, their goals, what they care about, what they value.
2:57 And it's not enough to say like, this is what we do. This is what you're struggling. This is the mistake you're making.
3:02 You have to talk about why it matters to you and why it matters to them, more importantly. Why it should matter.
3:09 The last is solution. So again, results and framework and how it impacts them, their business, whatever the thing is that they care about.
3:18 This is not tips. Solutions are not tips. It's not, this is how to do this. This is how to do that.
3:24 There's no how. It's what is the overarching framework. You're not going to dive into how to actually do it. And why does it matter?
3:34 Why does it help people? What's the impact? What's the implication? Etc. Etc. And, I've said I've given frameworks for, if you talk about a problem, if you talk about a mistake, but I actually boiled it down to the recurring things that you'll talk about in your content.
3:51 And I call it the four R's. So the first, you're going to start with the reality, their current reality. What's the symptom? What's the mistake? What's the desire? What's the thing that they're thinking about?
3:59 What's the thing that they want? You have to know and meet them where they're at. That's what that means. Next is give them a realization in terms of the misconception or the true root problem they don't see.
4:09 And so it's kind of like leveling up their awareness of like, if you're experiencing this, this is what's really going on.
4:14 This is why this hasn't really worked for you because this is actually not what you need to be doing to achieve X thing.
4:20 So it's all around shifting their perspective. Then you kind of want to build rapport. You can insert a quick little social proof or a framework or a little story about yourself, even if it's seemingly unrelated.
4:34 Like I talk about stuff with engineering and soccer all the time because they're lessons that apply to business still. And you want to put the ripple effect.
4:43 What's the impact? What's the implication? What's the why? Why does this even matter? And after you go through those four things in your content, you can throw in where it makes sense, your mottos or beliefs, where they fit, if they fit, the mention of like, I have a client or in my business or in this
5:03 offer. Again, doesn't have to be every time. It's not, that's why it's not a part of the framework and then the why you care and why they should too.
5:11 That's really important. So you can get a clear link and that's through the ripple as well, but you may have left this really simple and I want to ensure that this impact or implication is a big part of the post or at least hard-hitting enough for them to understand how it affects them.
5:28 So when you create a piece of content you can start with whether it's a direct specific quote that somebody gives you or something internally that you have like, you know, a common pain point, you have a result or testimonial and then an objection you keep seeing or a brand's pillar.
5:44 So you don't have to start with the same process every time. And I think people constrict themselves because they're like, okay, I'm going to pick a pain point and then I'm going to pick a topic and, and then I'm going to pick the format.
5:55 And then they think that they have to go through that same process every time instead of using all the ideas and resources and conversations to influence our content and knowing, okay, if I have a quote now, I just have to fill in the other pieces.
6:09 Cause the quote is either the mistake or the symptom. And now I have to uncover the root problem, maybe link to a different belief or a story or a, um, solution, um, talk about why it matters.
6:20 And so you can start with that. You can any of these and then fill in the gaps later with your evergreen marketing.
6:27 You want to cycle through the problem agitation solution in your feed content with the topics to create variety. So on Monday, you'll create a problem aware around your topic one.
6:40 So if you have. The core topics that you cover in your business. Ideally, there's like three big pillars that you do.
6:46 Day one, it's problem aware. Topic one, day two, agitation. Topic two, day three solution. Topic three, then you go back to problem aware, but you do it for topic two, instead of one that agitation topic three, then solution.
7:01 And then topic one. And so you're cycling through the different lenses for the different topics to create variety. So people, if they binge your feed can see the different things of what you do in a consistent and cohesive and clear way, even if they're not really clearly aware of it, that is what creates
7:18 a cohesive and bingeable feed and drives more conversions. As they go and look at your other content, once they find one that really activates them or creates 
