00:01 Okay, we're going to break down the sales psychology behind the sales method and process that we teach inside traffic to income.
00:09 I first off want to say that this method is going to be effective for you, regardless of if you are doing voice messages and the DMS zoom calls.
00:23 Um, however, you are facilitating your sales process. As long as you are hitting on these pieces and really effectively facilitating this type of conversation, you're going to be able to make sales.
00:36 So your inquiries on the front end are going to come from your content that you're creating your outreach and nurturing content that is based in the principles of sales, psychology, and attraction marketing to activate people specifically based off of what it is that they're going through.
01:00 So I want to dive a little bit into how, what you do with your content connect, connects directly to what you're actually doing in the sales process.
01:11 And then we're going to dive into the sales psychology. So first and foremost, we know that you need to have a deep understanding of what your ideal client needs.
01:20 That deep understanding is what is going to make it possible for you to create activating content and to have these sales conversations with your inquiries, to actually convert them into sales and into customers.
01:37 This process is also going to be instrumental in your sales page. You will use these elements of sales psychology, regardless of if it is your website in your sales page, in your content or in a sales conversation, I can not reiterate that enough.
01:56 Okay. So having a deep understanding of what your ideal client needs goes beyond knowing what their problems are that are causing their symptoms, right?
02:08 It also means that you have a deep understanding of what they're feeling, what they're going through, where are the gaps in their knowledge is what you can do to fill those knowledge gaps, how they can execute and implement your strategy and exactly what the outcome will be.
02:31 Now, most people do not have that clarity. They say, well, I teach this and I teach this and I help with this.
02:38 Okay? I solve this problem. But to get into the depths of how you solve the problem and why you solve the problem, the way that you do is what's going to ultimately, um, determine the success of your entire sales process.
02:56 Now, your sales process Is from discovery of your content, where they first find you all the way to where they actually convert as you're working with them.
03:11 They're still inside of your sales process because you're still working on client retention and making sure you're delivering a high quality service, which then relates to your results, your testimonials, and bringing it back to the beginning of the process until you eventually off board.
03:29 Okay? So this understanding of what your client is going through, what they need, what they feel, what their shortcomings are, what their strengths are, is going to be foundational to your ability to make sales consistently and in a scalable manner.
03:50 Okay? So specifically in your sales conversations, if you don't have an understanding of what it is that your client is going through, you're not going to be able to sell them.
04:05 So there's two pieces to this one. You need to already have that knowledge coming into the call. You need to know on average, what are the symptoms, the problems, the feelings that your ideal client is having.
04:21 And then you also need to be able to identify when you're speaking with somebody. One-on-one what it is. That is a specifically touchy pain point for them.
04:35 Now, the goal with your sales process is to poke holes in their understanding, by asking the right questions. Now, again, I'm going to speak in broad terms, because this is applicable.
04:52 These psychological principles are applicable to your content, to your sales conversations, to your website, to the internal workings and development of your program, to your retention and into your offboarding.
05:10 So throughout your sales process, you're wanting to poke holes in their understanding and get them to self, identify with your content, your offer, your framework, et cetera.
05:26 So look to pick the pieces of your framework that will help these ideal people and figure out how to, when you're speaking, one-on-one ascertain what it is that they truly need to know.
05:41 What is it? That is a shortcoming for them. They're going to come to you thinking that they know at all that they know what they need, that they know what their problem is.
05:52 They just need the answer, right? But they're going to leave, not knowing where to start. That's very intentional. Okay? So you need to create, what's called rapport with every single person in your audience.
06:10 You will want to, in your individual conversations, get clarity around how warm of a lead they are and what they know about you.
06:19 So if you're in the DNS with someone, for example, you might ask them where they found you or why they decided to reach out.
06:26 This will give you an idea of one, how long they've been following you. But also what about your content actually activated them?
06:33 Was it a piece of content about passive income? Was it a piece of content about nervous system regulation? What was it you need to figure out whether or not they know your story and how much they know about your values.
06:45 If this person who just came right from a viral video, then they're probably going to take a little bit more time to establish trust.
06:53 Right? So it's really important when you're speaking with people, one-on-one that you ask one of these questions to figure out one where they came from to what activated them and three, how long they've been following you, how much they know about you.
07:09 So a good way, like I said to ask, this is to say, I would love to know, um, how you found me and what, um, what made you want to reach out or apply to work with me.
07:24 Okay. Generally people will then completely answer the question. Well, I found you, I saw this one tech talk video, um, where you're talking about this and I've been following you for a while, or I've binged your content.
07:36 Or I saw this one video and I knew I had to work with you immediately. And so I signed up.
07:41 Okay. Um, you can of course ask more questions if you want to, but that should kind of break the ice, get them to open up.
07:47 Um, this connection is very important. Um, when it comes to the psychological principles, the more interaction you have with someone, the more trust you're able to build with them.
08:03 So building rapport with them is not only about breaking the ice, getting information, but it's also the more that you guys have this conversation, this conduction, and you remind them of why they were activated by you and why they want to work with you.
08:21 Um, you are reigniting those feelings and that emotion that caused them to convert that emotional spark or emotional charge that made them click the inquiry button that made them send you a Dion.
08:35 So you want to want to establish trust and to reignite that emotional charge that brought them to where they currently are.
08:47 Now, this is really important because of the next step as well, which is the frame. So whether you are on a Call in the DMS, what I like to do is kind of give them a one-on-one of how that interaction is going to go.
09:02 So essentially I will say, so my intention for this interaction is to get really clear on where you are now, and what's keeping you from getting to where you want to go.
09:14 Um, at the end, what I'd like to do is kind of circle back around with what I would see for your business and map out a, a goal or a roadmap, or give you some value, um, to think on.
09:30 If I decide that we would be a good fit to work together, does that sound good? No, one's going to say no.
09:38 And so what you're doing is you are setting the frame, you're taking control of the call or the interaction, and you're not allowing them to just jump in and start drilling you with questions.
09:48 You're saying, this is how this calls going to go. This is how I'm going to run this. Do you agree to abide by that?
09:56 And when they agree, you've just gotten your second. Yes. From them. Your first, yes. From them came when they reached out to you, this is your second.
10:07 Yes. Now this is a psychological principle that is talked about so often in the sales world, but essentially it's called a yes ladder.
10:19 And so what you're doing is you're getting people in the habit of saying yes to you, which means that by the time it comes around to where they're actually going to need to say yes or no to work with you, they're already in the habit of saying yes to you.
10:36 Now I want to back up a little bit down this. Yes. Ladder. So you can see the intention from attraction marketing all the way to where you are now, which is in the sales interaction.
10:47 When they first saw your content. They're very, very first yes. Was to watch your video. Okay. Then they click to your profile.
11:03 Maybe they watched another video. So there's another yes. Then they decided to leave a comment. There was another one. Then they decided to go from your Pinterest to your Instagram account.
11:19 There's another, yes. That's a conversion. Then they decided to message you. That's another. Yes. And now that you're speaking to them and interacting with them, one-to-one they've now given you another.
11:33 Yes. Yes. That sounds good. Okay. So when you tell someone that, and that you're going to be giving them value at the end, they are much more inclined to naturally give you more information because the more they give, the more they're going to get, right?
11:49 People want free information. They want free value. And so when you tell, Hey, I'm going to give you value. At the end of this, you are immediately bringing their walls down because it's no longer a sales conversation.
12:02 It's just as a conversation. And they want to give you as much information as they possibly can so that they can get the best value out of you, that they can now be careful around the wording.
12:14 So that it's clear that you're giving them what to do, not how to do it. So you're giving them an overview of what you see for their business.
12:22 And you're not breaking down every single step and exactly how to do it. That's something that you do inside the program, right?
12:28 You're going to give them an overview of what you see for their business. And this is key. If you decide that you are a good fit.
12:39 Now it's important that you control the frame of this sales conversation so that you don't give them a bunch of free value, get to the end and realize that they're questioning your authority and you don't want to work with them.
12:51 And then you have to retract that offer essentially. So you'll want to be very attentive to how they answer your questions and kind of knocked down some of the objections that you would tend to get at the end automatically.
13:06 Okay. Now the next piece of this is reality. You need to get them to explain to you their current reality.
13:17 Okay? Why did they come to you? What about your content activated them? They need to say in their own words, what their problem is, this is the same reason that we do this in your content.
13:29 They need to self-identify. They need to say, oh, yep. That's me. I'm doing that. I'm struggling with that. I need help with that.
13:37 And so you want them to self identify for you again. So you're going to ask them, so tell me, tell me why you're here.
13:45 What roadblocks are you experiencing in your business? Okay, you're leaving it. Open-ended you're not going to say, Hey, I saw on your application that you want to help with passive income, blah, blah, blah.
13:55 You don't give them a lifeline. You just let them tell you. Okay. And then you'll ask more questions. It's so important that you understand that.
14:07 Just because somebody who comes to you as an expert in one thing does not mean that they're an expert in everything.
14:13 Okay? Depending on your industry, I'll use the example of my own. A lot of people come to me that run multi, multi, multi multimillion dollar businesses.
14:27 They're experts in what they do. They're experts at being lawyers, they're expert fitness coaches, but they're beginners at content creation.
14:42 They're beginners at marketing. They might have a $500 million business, but they might not know about social media marketing they're beginners.
14:54 Okay. So understand that just because they seem to have it all together, you can 1000% poke holes in their knowledge.
15:00 Okay. And that's what you're going to do. So you want them to admit to you, this is my reality. This is what I'm struggling with.
15:09 And this is what's holding me back. And so this is, I can draw the parallel between doing your problem, aware content and having this conversation, right?
15:24 So the symptom is their current reality. That's what they're experiencing. Now what's actually causing the problem. They probably don't know that.
15:35 So you're going to keep digging deeper into whatever they say. Someone says, well, I'm just, I'm not making any sales from social media.
15:44 Okay. Why do you think that is? I'm not reaching enough people. Okay. Why do you think that is? And just keep drilling down and down and down and down until you get to the actual roadblock.
15:56 And this is how you're going to poke holes in their knowledge, because they thought, oh my gosh, I have this problem with reach on Instagram.
16:04 And by the time you talk them in circles, you realize that, Hey, well, I can appreciate that. You feel like you're not getting enough reach on Instagram.
16:12 But what we found is that it's actually not the fact that you're not getting reached. It's the fact that you are not being placed in front of the right people.
16:22 And so what we've found is that by placing people on a separate social platform, like Pinterest, where they're getting directly in front of the right people that are actively searching for their content, we're then able to drive those aligned users to their Instagram, to then nurture and convert into sales.
16:43 So I've taken what they've told me. They're experiencing. I've told them, I know you think that's the problem. It's not, here's, what's the actual problem.
16:52 I've done exactly what I do in my videos on the phone or in the DMS. Now this is the next piece you're going to summarize.
17:04 So summarize back to them, what they've told you, you want them to feel seen and heard. So here's a little psychology trick for you.
17:12 Jot down some of the exact words that they use and repeat those back to them when you do the summary.
17:17 So if somebody is telling you, you know, I'm really struggling with my content creation because I just feel so stuck.
17:23 And I feel like I'm posting content. That's good, but people are just not engaging with it. Okay. So then when it comes back to the summary and I'm going to repeat it back to them, I'm going to say, so essentially what you've told me is that you're posting content that you feel is good, but people just aren't engaging in it.
17:45 And what we've discovered together is that the actual is that you're just not getting in front of the correct people.
17:53 And so we're going to do this, this, and this to get you in front of the right people. Okay? So you're going to highlight the holes in their knowledge and remind them that, Hey, you thought this was the problem.
18:04 Remember it's not, I have the information that you need and how those are keeping them from getting where they want to go reiterate the, what of your framework, what you're going to do for them and remind them that they will not reach the outcome they desire without this framework.
18:19 And so you'll essentially say, you know, what we've seen with clients in the past is that when they're dealing with whatever they just explained to you, when they're dealing with that, they are not able to reach this revenue goal until they solve this problem.
18:38 And this problem, because they need the clarity in that area of their business to be able to scale. So you're going to reiterate what they told you, what you're going to do for them, highlight the holes in their knowledge, and then remind them that you need this information to reach the goal that you just told me that you have.
19:03 Now, this is called education-based selling. And so essentially what you're doing is you are using the problem and where method and debunking what it is that they think the problem is highlighting.
19:16 What the real issue is, what needs to be done to solve the problem. You want them to feel like they just left a coaching call, even if no coaching occurred.
19:25 So you're going to highlight the gaps in their knowledge. Aluminate what it is that they need to do, but you're not going to show them how to do it.
19:32 So by doing this, you'll be able to leave them with new clarity about what it is that they need to do, but they'll have no idea how to actually do it.
19:42 And so they'll understand that they can't do this without you. Now let's talk some more psychology. Why is this so effective?
19:55 Number one, by establishing trust with them, you have positioned yourself as an authority figure. You've also made yourself accessible to them and you've heard their concerns they feel seen and heard by you.
20:09 So you have rapport with them. You have trust, okay, number two, you've had them in their own words, admit to you that they need your help, why they need your help and what they need your help with.
20:29 Then what you've done is you have further position yourself as an authority by highlighting the gaps in their knowledge and making them problem aware.
20:43 And so just by illuminating those knowledge gaps, You have delivered value for them. This is very effective because you are now an authority figure in their eyes that they trust.
21:01 And there's nothing more powerful than authoritative sales. Authoritative trust filled transparent sales. You didn't have to push them. You didn't have to deceive them.
21:20 You got right to the root of what they were going through and you essentially came to a solution together. And so you both had a hand in this outcome.
21:30 And so you maintain control and the frame of the conversation while still allowing them to feel seen and heard and have control in the conversation.
21:41 And that is very, very powerful. So I hope that this was helpful for you in seeing how the sales process from activation to conversion is all interconnected and why we do things the way that we do.
22:00 Um, I would love to know if you guys have any questions about the deeper psychology behind this, um, as always, let me know if you have any questions or if you would like a deeper training on this.
22:15 Um, and we'll see you in the next video.
