00:01 Specificity cells. This is one of the most important modules, or if not the most important, honestly and truly I believe this.
00:10 And it's something that nobody talks about. It is not talked about in the video. At all, when it comes to social media, marketing, content, it's very, very slept on and it's a huge thing that I personally leverage and teach my clients.
00:24 You need to be as specific as possible. You want to, to your audience in a way that they wonder, how'd you read my mind?
00:31 Are you a mind reader? Because with all of the general stuff you see on social media, it is so easy for people to feel like they just are not understood because everybody's trying to relate to everyone and nobody is being really specific in the things that they say because they're trying to appeal to
00:50 the masses. You want to be able to get to the point where people are like That is exactly how I feel.
00:56 You understood me in ways that nobody else did. That's exactly what I want. You put it in a way that I never could.
01:03 That's what gets people to buy from you because when you are so specific that they If you've heard, seen, and understood, you're golden.
01:10 Not a lot of people are doing this, and people don't do it correctly. It's very, very underrated because a lot of people are just trying to get a lot of views, and in doing so, they try to be as generous.
01:20 America as they can be because they're really afraid of scaring away people with anything that's too niche, too specific, too unrelatable, but I cannot tell you how important it is for you to do the exact opposite.
01:34 And I'm going to give you a good amount of justifications for why. So the first bit of information, you know, I come from a science background, so I had to throw this in here.
01:44 You have to make it abundantly clear that this is for them. What I mean by this is your content. And what I mean by them is the viewer.
01:53 You will have to make sure that they 100% understand that this video is for that specific person for them. Why?
02:02 Well, our human brain can only process 11 bits of information every second, but our conscious brain can handle only 40 to 50 bits.
02:11 Not 40 to 50 million, only 40 to 50 bits. Think 11 million to 50 that's a very very very small percentage so like 90 whatever percent 99% of the world and information around us is filtered by our subconscious right and the conscious brain is only aware of the very small percentage of things that pertain
02:35 to them and that are important for their survival and their interests and what they really want their desires and what they're experiencing.
02:42 So, that comes with content too. People are scrolling, they don't remember a lot of the things that they see on the internet.
02:48 You have to make it so clear that this video is exactly for them as effectively and effectively as you can.
02:55 So how do we get more specific? What are practical ways we can do that? Let's dive in. I want to talk a little bit more about what TikTok represents in your marketing.
03:05 TikTok is your top of funnel. You're catching people. They've most most of them have never seen you have only seen you a couple times don't really know much about you personally don't feel really connected to you.
03:15 Maybe they followed you a while ago and then you popped up again. This is not like Instagram where you're really roped in with that same community if you don't want to do it. people.
03:22 People are opting in and following you on Instagram. So they are consenting to your content. On TikTok, a lot of people are seeing your content without consent.
03:30 So what does that mean? You have to make sure that you are not filtered out. Because you don't have that advantage of other platforms people already knowing you people already loving you people already being interested in what you have to say when they just see your face your branding on tiktok you 
03:45 have to make sure that your first every impression. Like a first impression and you just need to speak to their soul.
03:51 It's really important. You can nurture them on Instagram. You can say random shit on Instagram, but on TikTok, you need to be direct, specific, and really, really deeply activating with this because specificity is, honestly, it's the key, okay?
04:08 And you might be thinking, okay, Jasmine, well, how do I do this? And we'll dive a little bit into that.
04:12 But what is important is that you're, specific in almost everything to the point where you think it's unrelatable. So this is some ways that you can get some information about your audience.
04:27 So that way, they feel you read their mind. Okay, so let me move my head. You want to quote them as much as possible.
04:38 It can be as simple as some person commented a certain thing, said something, in a client conversation right after that meeting, you turn and make a video and you start with that direct quote.
04:49 I've done this many times and that content outperforms content that I thought of in my own brain. Us. You are speaking to the ideal audience when you quote a specific person that is part of that audience.
05:03 So take your client conversations, take your sales conversations, take comments from your videos, take comments from other videos. On topics that you speak to and direct questions that you can ask on your Instagram stories, you can ask your ideal audience of people in your life.
05:18 It is so important for you to quote them and let me be really clear. I don't want you to filter a single thing that they say.
05:27 You might think, well, that's oddly specific to them. I'm going to generalize what they said a little bit. No. Direct quote.
05:35 That's how people think you read their mind. That's how people feel heard, seen, and understood. It's so important that you understand this because it is such a small shift that you can make for massive results.
05:49 The client conversation conversations that you have, the sales conversations, I'm going to give you examples, the comments from your videos, take the quote, start your video with it.
05:58 Take your quote, put it as text on the screen. This is a practice that you have to really get. So when you have a quote that sticks out to you about something in a conversation or in a comment section I want you to have a space that you write it down Take these quotes that you find interesting that 
06:15 you know a lot of people you might not even think that a lot of relate to it, but they will.
06:19 A relatable quote and write it down. Some things to look out for in these conversations. You want to be looking out for how they articulate their current reality and their future reality Future desires.
06:31 Okay, those are two areas to really look out for So in a client conversation, they're going to be at a higher level of awareness than a sales conversation, right?
06:41 Because a client has worked with you to the point where they already know the problems they have, they came to you, they bought from you, they already have your solutions in their hands.
06:51 So that's like a higher level of awareness. Sales conversations are some of the best juiciest place to get quotes. And if you don't have sales conversations, it's okay.
07:02 You can do. Market research and we'll talk about that but I will literally take a sales conversation and I'll take a direct thing that somebody feels.
07:10 I remember I did this I think this is in this presentation I can show you the example where she said I don't know what's wrong with me, but I feel like social media hates me.
07:20 Maybe it's because of how I look. And it was a woman, and I made a video about it. And people were like, wow, that's exactly how I feel.
07:28 Nobody's ever said it. So, you need to think about those personal things, those emotional things, the way that they perceive their reality or perceive what they would like to.
07:42 Achieve. And it has to be intentional. And so what I mean by intentional is when you are perceiving, when you take something that they perceive, you want to shift their perspective on it in your content.
07:56 So, take something that, in an actual conversation, you would be like, oh, well, that's actually not the truth. And you would enlighten them on the truth or enlighten them on how they get to that desire or shed some light on it.
08:07 Whatever is something that you can shed light on. Light on, take that quote, turn it into a piece of content, shed light on there.
08:13 So I told her, no, it's not, there's nothing wrong with you. It's not your, your face. It's not you as a person.
08:19 It's just the messaging you're using. It's not resonating with anyone. Me. And so it's easy for you to blame yourself, but it's really just the language you're using.
08:26 And so once we make small shifts, it's going to have a lot of results. And that was a powerful video, right?
08:34 So when it comes to comments on your videos. You're only going to see comments about the stuff you're already posting, so there might be gaps, right?
08:44 Some people could have the awareness to ask questions about things that are not in your content, but you can, This is a, time where you can do market research.
08:50 So I only advise market research in two areas. The first area, in terms of researching other people's content of people who talk about similar topics, let's say for me I would look at content strategies, TikTok strategies, whatever.
09:02 I never look at their content, honestly, because I have had years of being in the TikTok world, randomly seeing their stuff, having a lot of sales conversations.
09:12 I have a deep understanding of what they already say, but , The two scenarios where I would recommend or it's not harmful to look at their content in your competition, in your space, is one, when you're trying to see the things that you disagree with, and two, when you're trying to look at the common
09:29 section for what questions people ask. So if you are in a space where you don't believe fully in yourself, you don't have that confidence on you.
09:42 On camera and in your business, I would advise against doing too much market research because you're gonna fall into that trap.
09:49 I've done it. Seeing other people's content that's performing better than you, they have such great common section and you're like, oh.
09:56 This is making me so upset, you know, and it's gonna start subconsciously screwing with you when you go to record and judging yourself I'm feeling like you're getting nowhere So if you're in that space you're receptive to that try to be mindful try to live at the amount that you're looking at other 
10:10 people's content, try to be really intentional with the amount of time and how you're using it, but using that comment section to see what are the common questions, what are they really asking, what is resonating with them.
10:22 Really good way to understand your ideal audience and quote them because there could be a really common occurrence of let's say I did come across a video where people talking about biopsychology and they were talking about there's different buyer types you need to appeal to buyer types and somebody 
10:38 commented what are the buyer types and I was like oh I should make a video about that because a lot of people gatekeep that information and I don't think that that's worth gatekeeping because some people make that a foundation of their business I don't think that that's it's that that important personally
10:50 , and we can talk about that in a whole other module, but that's the kind of route you want to go is thinking what's something in people's comment, like the comment sections that people are confused about.
11:01 What is something that that they think about themselves like, Oh, well, that would never work for me because of this.
11:06 You just want to note the themes. Okay. Because if your ideal audience is not reacting to your content, it's because you're missing things.
11:13 It's because you're not speaking to them. So do the market research there. So direct questions is, you can ask, if let's say you're a career coach, ask the people in your life who have corporate jobs, or who want to make six figures, or whatever problem you're solving, and ask them, what do you think
11:29 is going on? is holding you back? What do you think that are the major roadblocks you're experiencing and why can't you overcome them?
11:37 What do you want to see happen for you in the next six months? Why do you feel like you're not?
11:42 The place that you want to be, where do you want to be, different ways of asking those current versus future questions are great, and understanding what problems they have and what they really desire.
11:56 So that's like the current versus future perspective you wanna get. So everyone thinks they're special. Everyone assumes that they're feelings, they're, problems, their perceptions are unique, different, and oddly unrelatable.
12:17 And I can bet you that no matter what you have thought, felt, or experienced, many people have thought I felt an experience the same exact thing.
12:26 It is super, super rare. I don't even want to say that it's rare because I know a lot of people are gonna be like, well no, there is that one thing, but I bet you it's not.
12:35 But it's super, super rare for anybody. To experience something extremely unique that isn't solved already, especially if you're talking about a specific industry or niche, the feelings, problems, perceptions, their themes and even the specific Even the specific thoughts, feelings, and problems and 
12:54 pain points are even more somatic and even more recurring and just people are afraid to get that granular. So I want to encourage you to get to that point.
13:04 So, even if just one person in your audience has said, felt, or thought something, most others do too. So this was the video.
13:14 I was mentioning of I had that sales conversation and she said my content flops to my the problem. Maybe that was another conversation I experienced in multiple ways and so I quoted that as a person but.
13:28 That's a common thing. I might have also seen it in my comments. And I was like, okay, I have to make a video about this, especially if I'm seeing it more than once.
13:33 Oh my God. Then I saw somebody else comment, problem aware content just doesn't work for me. This is a really common thing of people thinking that that's like saying going to the gym doesn't work for me Okay, well, it's not the working out.
13:50 It's maybe you don't enjoy it right here It's not the problem of where content is that you're not applying it the right way.
13:54 So I'm sure shifting their perspective of what they're doing wrong. So take that direct quote, shed light on it, and people are gonna be like, wow, I've wondered this.
14:05 People have never really addressed it because they're all trying to be related. Which again relates to nobody and so if you need another reason to be specific this is what I'll tell you I actually made a video this, if you've seen it on my TikTok, Seth Rogen was in an interview and they were talking
14:24 about the movie super bad. If you haven't seen it, I think this is supposed to be all caps, I don't know, because I've only seen it once a long time ago.
14:31 It's not an appropriate movie. So if you haven't seen it, It's not like I go encourage you to watch it, okay?
14:35 I know we have some people internationally here. I don't know if you've seen this movie. But super bad. Was so oddly specific, they thought it would verge on being.
14:46 Unrelatable. Not even Verge. They were fully convinced that nobody would relate to this movie because it was like these awkward kids that experienced really weird things in high school.
14:56 And they were like, okay, we are getting so niche here. That I don't think anybody's going to really vibe or get this or feel seen in this movie because everybody just wants to feel seen, right?
15:05 If they don't relate to the thing, it's really hard for them to want to consume it. And as most of you know, this video performed extremely well because of that exact reason.
15:17 They were so oddly specific that it was, in fact, more relatable than any movie a lot of people had seen.
15:23 In high school. So if you think that specificity doesn't sell, this is your, this is your driving factor. And this is your last, that's my last, my last a chance of trying to convince you.
15:36 So here's a couple of examples. Whether it's your hook, whether it's your client transformation you're speaking to, whether it's whatever part of your content that you're trying to talk to.
15:46 Get specific and I'm going to use hooks here, but I want you to use this in everything you say. Okay, so Get so specific that it seems unrelatable and that's when you know, you've hit the jackpot So for me, for instance, if I started my video with, if you want better content, not gonna really do much
16:04 for anybody. Okay, I've seen a million videos about content. If you want better visibility, okay. Visibility. It's a general word I don't really know.
16:13 If your content isn't getting good views, oh, okay. My content, it gets views, I don't know if they're good. I don't really know if that's me, right?
16:24 If your content is stuck, it's who you are. 200 views. Oh, now I can visualize it. Now I understand that.
16:30 That's me. I have seen my videos at 200 views. Wait, is that a thing? Now the last and most specific version If your content is stuck at 200 views, except for the one time it hit 2000.
16:44 Now people are like, wow, that is exactly me. I have to listen to this. I didn't even know that was a thing, right?
16:50 So what does being specific do? It sets you apart from the noise, makes people stop to listen, it makes people, makes it really apparent that you understand them, you're meeting them where they're at, right?
17:02 And one of the biggest things is that being specific in your content. Content, overcomes awareness problems. So, we talk about awareness and content.
17:13 There are varying levels of awareness people have about their problems, their current realities, they really want in the situations that they're in.
17:19 When you get so specific that you're painting a picture of whatever you're talking about, you overcome that awareness. Awareness is not a problem anymore because instead of just talking generally about the thing, you are describing their exact surroundings and environment.
17:35 That's the point I want to get you to. So what's another example of this? This is a day coach that I worked with and they posted this last very specific version and they got in the millions of views because it was so specific.
17:56 So, if they started with, if you hate dating, meh, Mary, that doesn't really speak to the soul. If you want to have more fun when dating, okay, talking a little bit more about the desire, right?
18:08 If you get attached easily. Okay, now we're pointing to like a specific thing that they might be doing or experiencing.
18:15 Okay. Maybe. I don't even really know if I get attached. I don't know what attached means. Maybe they're indigent. About being somebody that gets attached too easily.
18:27 Now if you're waiting for him to text you back, that specifically paints the person's reality without any labels, without any assumption.
18:37 Assumptions about how, where they are, about what their problems are. Maybe they don't know that they have attachment issues, maybe they don't know that they really hate dating.
18:44 They wouldn't put that label on it. They wouldn't call it that. There's times I have conversations with clients and sales conversations and they tell me Well, I wouldn't really call it that.
18:53 So like every person has their way of explaining or describing depicting something. You want to overcome that barrier where you're just describing the thing straight out and whatever they interpret it as is fine.
19:04 Them, but you want to meet them where they're at, especially in your hook. So this is really imperative here in the beginning.
19:10 So the one that they eventually land on was if you're waiting for him to text you back instead of going to bed and that video did so freaking well.
19:18 Their followers from 80,000 to 175,000 the last time I checked. And they were consistently getting views, but because they spoke to people to that level, the comments were filled with everybody saying, are you reading my mind?
19:32 Mind? How did you know this exact thing about me? How did you know that that was exactly what I was doing?
19:37 You need to be able to get your comment section like that and you will. You just got to get more specific.
19:42 So here's the last example I'll leave you with. So, one of my clients creates clothes for women over six feet tall, six feet and over.
19:52 Because she's tall, she never really found any clothing that was feminine. She's solving a lot of problems with these clothes.
19:58 She could start her videos with, if you want. Better clothes okay if you want clothes that fit you better okay now we're talking about what's the problem that it solves but I don't know if that's for me right like my clothes might fit me fine or I don't really know if I've ever thought about how a fits
20:14 or I don't know if this is for me if I'm over six feet because nobody really understands my problems. They're so unique.
20:21 If you want longer clothes that fit your body. Okay, now we're talking about what problem it's solving and who's solving it for.
20:28 Who are taller, right? Maybe that need longer clothing. If you want to stop pulling out your yoga pants with your sneakers, this is something that we, I was talking with this client and she was like, I was like, what's the really oddly specific thing?
20:42 That you did when you didn't fit in your clothes when you grew up being tall. And she was like, I was always stepping on my yoga pants with my sneakers trying to pull them down when I was walking around.
20:56 I was making a video about that because that's going to speak to the ideal client's souls. You want to get to that point.
21:03 And so the last step you can take it to is if you want to stop pulling out your yoga pants with your sneakers and actually feel feminine in your clothes.
21:09 Clothing. So that's also talking to the feeling of like, when you pull out your sneaker, your pants, your sneakers, you don't feel feminine.
21:15 You don't feel beautiful, right? You just feel like a mess a little bit. So I'm challenging you. Whatever you want to share.
21:23 You need to get to this level of specificity and you need to be informed with your ideal clients knowledge It's not enough for you to just guess Unless you've experienced the problem yourself before You need to see how your ideal audience would describe it and come up with variations for how specific
21:42 you can get with that thing. You don't need to come up with one variation for clothes fitting better. Another one she gave me was that my sleeves.
21:50 Never really fit and I was always pulling them down or I was always in the back of the class for pictures and I could never show off my outfit but I never really cared because my clothes never fit me okay oddly specific So, get to that level, and if you don't even know where to start, it shows that 
22:07 you need to understand your ideal audience better. Do market research, ask them questions, engage with them, see what they're commenting, have conversations with them.
22:16 And everyday life of people who have that problem, engage, engage, engage and get that deeper understanding and you will be golden.
