00:00 Today what we're talking about is actually, and I'll send the notion just in case any of you need the link for the prompts today, but like taking a break from strategy because I know people especially from the August cohort, we've been talking a lot about how to be strategic and we talked a
00:20 little bit about, like, infusing your story and some things that are like not as strategic, but I kind of want to take a break from all of the structure that I've been talking about all of the steps that I harp on because honestly you don't need to always be creating highly converting content and
00:38 you can create it like a couple of times a week and the rest of your content could be fun different creative.
00:46 It doesn't always have to be conversion. I kind of just focus a lot on it in the beginning so that way you guys can learn it and try and practice it and then writing yourselves of any feeling like you should do any certain things because I tell you is important too, right?
01:01 Like you don't always have to be hitting 100% of the points all the time. I really don't want you to.
01:05 So we're going to talk about taking a break from strategy and different ways you can think about your content. This is especially something you should come back to.
01:12 Anytime you feel unmotivated, if you feel like what I teach really puts you in a box, if you feel like you trying to follow the framework or steps, it causes you to lose your personality in your content.
01:24 If you feel like you're getting lost in the sauce, if you feel stressed about it, or feel like you're lacking passion in your content at any point, if you're overwhelmed or confused because creating content is something that you all are probably going to do for a long time on your own, there's going
01:42 to be periods where you don't feel like it, there's going to be periods where even just getting on camera could be a lot of effort or that you don't feel like following steps or you're going through something that you want to share, you don't always have to be rigid and I really don't want you to, so
01:56 I'm going to kind of Talk about different perspectives in ways you can phrase your content that honestly can still be converting It's just the way of doing it without all of the all of the Shoulds I guess so Basically when you move forward in creating content and even pass this program you can just 
02:17 create Content that follows the framework a couple of times a week You can just use a couple of things that feel good to you and your content occasionally it doesn't have to be something you always adhere to.
02:26 You can find your own way of applying it. What I just teach is a blanket approach and then how to personalize for your business, but there's no 100% right way to do anything for everybody, right?
02:37 I'm teaching you a foundational approach and how to be strategic for conversion using how people conduct sales conversations, what people need to buy.
02:45 But because all of you guys are in different niches of different personalities, I don't want it to be something that you're doing every single video every single time.
02:54 So we're going to go through like eight things, I'm going to kind of talk about different ways that you can create from different perspectives you can create from.
03:03 So one is just showing your creativity or way of thinking. This is really, really good for visibility. If you show just like how you do something in your niche, let's say you're a web designer and you show your process or the end result of a website that you've kind of taken from something that wasn't
03:21 great, something that was it doesn't have to be converting like you just showing how you create something showing like a flow chart for how you think about something in your niche.
03:30 Drawing something out, doing a skit, asking it out, showing those things, doing those things, having fun with it is really important.
03:37 So like I mentioned, I think this client before, but she was a web designer brand logo designer and she was struggling with views for a long time.
03:47 And she had a lot of fun like redesigning logos. So she started doing them in her content and they brought her millions of views because people like to see the process and it really allowed her to show off how good she was at doing that.
04:00 So if you're, I'm skipping to this slide because it applies if you're an online service provider, especially like rather than a coach and he provides some kind of service or deliverable or tangible thing.
04:11 You can show like how you create how you walk through something how you like if your systems person How you create like a really aesthetic build for somebody's system It doesn't always have to be thinking about how to sell yourself So I kind of want to challenge you guys in that way to use your creativity
04:29 . Don't shy away from creative ideas Because you just having fun in your content showing how you think like I know that's my dryer.
04:36 Sorry. I know if I show like how I even how I talk about conversion and I draw it out in a diagram or I do a loom video in my content.
04:44 People love that and I have more fun doing it. So don't feel like you always have to just talk to the camera and create the steps that I tell you and I kind of want to touch on what educational content is to because sometimes I know when I'm talking to you guys one-on-one you think oh well that sounds
05:01 educational. So educational content is not just showing like what you do. I know I was on a call with a client two days ago and she was showing me like a road map of the steps that she teaches her clients.
05:14 And she was like, oh, I don't want to talk about all of this in my concept because it feels educational.
05:17 But educational is really giving away all of the details of your solution, all of the how-to's, enough for people to like watch one video and go do everything.
05:27 But if you touch on like the high level steps, if you touch on like a certain concept, What makes it not educational is you giving the context, it's you doing the objection handling we talked about, it's you tying in why it matters in the value.
05:42 So for instance, I had a client that does like Facebook ads, and one of his pieces of content that brought in like no leads and was not converting, he was literally just showing you how to run a Facebook ad.
05:53 Like that's literally educational. But another video where he's talking about ads strategy and he's going through why it matters, the common misconceptions people have about it and the mistakes they make and go through a high level diagram.
06:04 That sounds educational, but it's not, because it's not enough for people to go do it. So there's like a difference there.
06:09 I don't want you guys to just shy away from it. And especially when you are an online service provider, you can go more into the how to because when you provide a service, people are paying you to do the service because they don't have the time or skills to do it and they don't want to take the time
06:22 or energy to learn it. So you can go more into the educational stuff whereas like coaches or people who teach strategy, you don't really, I wouldn't really advise it as often.
06:31 But giving away things is not going to hurt you or make people not buy from you necessarily. It's just kind of like not as converting when you're a coach or strategist.
06:42 So that's kind of where I wanted to draw the line because I know some people have been confused about educational versus not.
06:50 And kind of like my mindset around it. So the second is making your dream clients feel heard. So when you go to create content, I kind of want you to visualize the person that you really want to help talking them one on one, like it was if you were on FaceTime with them, and visualize what they're
07:06 feeling, whether you've had a past client or it's your past self or a future client that you're trying to imagine, visualize the struggles that they're going through, visualize the feelings that they're feeling, like sitting right in front of you on FaceTime or whatever, when you go to record, then 
07:21 speak from the heart. What would you tell them on a one-on-one basis if they came to you? What would they really need to hear in that moment?
07:27 And I would just again And disband any ideas of what you feel like you have to say to convert them, just make them feel heard.
07:34 Creating from that space is super powerful, especially when you guys do it naturally without worrying about what to say or making it right.
07:41 So try to create some content coming up that really makes the people that you want to serve, feel heard, feel seen, feel like that was exactly what they needed at the moment.
07:51 And you're going to see that a lot of people feel really moved by what you have to say and they're going to want to hear more.
07:58 The next bit is showing your personality so a lot of y'all are like naturally super funny or quirky or really like intelligent and introspective, but you feel like you have to put on a certain front in your content because of that's how other people are in your niche, right?
08:16 Or that's how you feel like you need to be taken seriously or compete with the other people who are getting clients, right?
08:25 Or just how you feel like you have to be in content in general because of who's watching. Instead, I want you to just create from a place where you don't worry about professionalism or conversion or being an authority figure and just naturally show your personality, especially just being like talking
08:43 about what you do in the way that you naturally would with a client. So this is even something that I've struggled with in the past.
08:49 Like, I'm naturally extremely goofy. And I sometimes have a hard time showing it in my content just because I naturally want to just create content that converts.
08:58 But when you start showing your personality, you're going to attract people who like really love you. And it's going to be awesome to work with them.
09:05 So as often as you can show in your TikToks, that you are a certain way, like try to really think about how you are off camera and try to translate that into your content as best as you can.
09:15 So whether that's just like creating into space where you feel like you could be yourself like in your car when you're alone, that's a really good space to do that.
09:22 Just trying to talk about a topic that brings out your funny side, talking about an opinion, not trying to like prove yourself, but just doing it in the way that you naturally would with the client, showing your personality's really important.
09:33 And that's how you're going to naturally differentiate yourself without any differentiators because you're going to be yourself. And a lot of people, especially when they're a coach or a business owner, They really shy away from this and they always try to seem like they have it all put together, that
09:46 they are like what other people imagine them to be. But you're going to see that when you kind of show your personality, you're going to have a lot more people that just become obsessed with you.
09:58 The next is being like one step ahead. So your client is at a certain step in a journey. So I want you to think about how can you create content that shows them how to just get one more step past where they are now.
10:10 How can you speak to them in a way where you're only like a little bit ahead like that 1% ahead that from where they are?
10:18 Because sometimes when you speak from a place of your personal transformation or where you're currently at or a client transformation, it just feels so far ahead no matter how much you try to convince them that it's like not as far as it seems.
10:32 So I kind of want you to think, how can you just be that one step ahead? How can you be somebody that is speaking to that little bit that they have to go because a lot of people create content around like dream transformations and crazy things that could happen down the line.
10:48 So I want you to think just like, what do they need to hear to take that next step and that's going to make them feel really seen and heard naturally.
10:58 So the next bit is just making it fun. So when you have fun in your content, people are going to want to watch.
11:04 Like that's just easy, natural, like you don't have to think about anything else, just naturally having fun in your content is super underrated.
11:11 So some people like enjoy drawing out their thoughts about what they want to do. Some people enjoy just making voiceovers, showing a day in the life, doing text on screen.
11:19 So you can do that in your content and have fun with it and not have to worry about conversion or anything.
11:24 Give me one second. So I don't want you to feel like you have to create from the really rigid talking to the camera piece all the time.
11:41 You can translate what we do to different ways of showing your ideas. You can like create montages. You can create like swiping posts on TikTok.
11:51 Whatever like you really enjoy doing that doesn't feel like a chore is way better than you trying to stick to the way that you think you have to create.
11:59 So, try to make it as fun as possible for you. If you dread creating content, like you're not going to stick to it, that's just a fact.
12:06 So, as much as you can get into the habit of doing it in a way that really feels good and exciting for you, I want you to.
12:12 Because content creation is a privilege. And it's also a way of you being able to just share what you feel like about the thing you're passionate about.
12:21 That's really all it is, right? You're just creating videos or posts about the thing that you are spending so many hours working on, the business that you spent so much time dreaming of building, and it's just a platform for you to share that with so many people that you wouldn't be able to otherwise
12:37 . So when you think about it that way, and then you also have fun with it, it's kind of like a no-brainer that you're gonna see success at some point down the line, you know.
12:49 The next is waking people up. So a lot of people in whatever industry you're in feel like they're struggling right they're struggling with something you're solving a problem and so you want to kind of wake them up to take a step in their journey, wake them up to make an investment, wake them up to be
13:07 activated and believing themselves. So how can you create content that kind of makes them wake up, feel activated, feel like they want to invest, feel like they can overcome whatever challenges that they're facing.
13:21 That's something that can really make people take that drive especially if they see that you're the person that can do that and you can connect with them on that level and you're just not you're not just thinking about what you know you can get out of them and they can get out of you but also just like
13:38 making them feel like they can do anything is super important especially in whatever niche you're in. So, try to think about how you can make them excited, make them want to overcome their challenges, make them feel like they can overcome those obstacles that they're facing.
13:55 And if you can be that person for them, they'll always want to come back to you because you make them feel something, right?
14:00 Content is really meant for you to feel something, share that with other people, and they feel something. So the next is owning your title.
14:09 So a lot of you guys, especially when you first start your businesses, you kind of don't really mention that you're a business owner or you don't really mention your title and your content.
14:20 I know I asked somebody this the other day and I was like, how often do you mention that your coach was like, never?
14:26 So like if you're on TikTok, talk about how you have a business, talk about how you, you know, you have clients that you are a coach of strategist and online service provider.
14:36 Just like mentioning it and owning it is super important because like if you're not making it apparent and readily available or like clear than other people probably either don't know or yeah, just don't know I have no clue.
14:53 So just owning your title, owning who you are is really important especially even if you don't have clients yet, right?
14:59 It's okay for you to say that you are a coach, it's okay for you to say that you have a business just because you're at like a lower step than other people or like a past step compared to others doesn't mean anything.
15:10 So kind of own that, don't shy away from mentioning that you have a business or you are a coach or whatever title that you call yourself.
15:20 And then the last one is speaking your mind, so without frameworks, without steps, without talking about problems, without talking about misconceptions, without any of the things that I teach you, the most important thing at the end of the day is you just speak your mind, right?
15:38 And sometimes for some of you, it's harder for you to speak your mind and follow steps because it's something you're passionate about or afraid to post and then you start overthinking and you never do it.
15:47 So, I want to challenge you to just speak your mind without trying to think about getting it right, without thinking about perfecting it, and that's going to be the most powerful post.
15:59 Out of everything I said, I really believe like you enjoying what you're saying and having fun with it, and speaking your mind are the two most important things, because it could be really hard, I don't care, it could be really hard when you are really just trying to follow everything and then also 
16:15 try to speak from your heart or from a place where you're challenging people. And so I kind of just want you to share your opinion as often as you can without overthinking all that.
16:25 So I know I went through that really fast. Oh wait, there's one more. Sorry. The last one, which is supposed to be 9 I think, is educating for views.
16:34 So a lot of, occasionally, if I feel like having a bump in visibility or followers, I'll just start like educating and creating videos where I'm like showing like this is exactly how I do this.
16:47 And I don't really get many applications or clients, but I get a lot of people who follow in like and comment because they're like, oh, this is something that I should save or wash the end because she's showing me how to do something.
16:56 So you can create those how-to videos, just if you're like trying to hit a thousand followers, if you're just trying to get more influx of people.
17:03 One thing that I do do is I try to like be strategic is I'll create a video for reviews, maybe even one that does the how-to, and then I'll create a converting video after that.
17:14 So all of the traffic that comes in, they come in, and then they look at a previous or upcoming video that's more converting and that brings in more conversions.
17:21 So you can kind of balance it out that way. So occasionally I will educate for views, that's like my video where I was talking about like Instagram versus TikTok strategy.
17:28 You got like 20,000 views or something on TikTok and I didn't get a single applicant from it, but I did it because I just felt like, I was getting too many applications that I had to deal with anyway.
17:38 But I still wanted to post and then I was like, oh, it might be nice to just get a bunch of views.
17:41 So I did that So you can kind of pull like toy around with what Outcome you want depending on where you're at where your business is at what you're trying to achieve But that's kind of yeah the last bit that I have for today I went through it really fast because I wanted to see number one if there's
18:02 any questions and then number two You guys can kind of think through the different things and kind of share you're more creative or not structured ideas so I can help you through it because I know it's different than what I usually talk about but first do you all have any questions or thoughts about
18:19 all this okay is anybody feeling like when you go to create content from like a structure that sometimes it can be like you need a break from it or it can be overwhelming or if it does happen this is kind of where I want you to go back to, I want this to be kind of like your backup or like your foundational
18:49 thing or your way of going to a place of not having to follow rules because you don't really need to, right?
18:56 Like I just teach conversions so that way you can, when you want to bring in applications, but it's also important for you guys to do this and I want to remind you of that.
19:02 So if you all have like notes or the notion you can go through each of these and then ask questions come up, I'll be here to kind of talk through them.
19:12 So in the notion that there's asking you guys about how can you create content this one step ahead? How can you create content that shows your personality?
19:19 How can you make it more fun or creative? So take the next few minutes, kind of walk through that and then I'll be here to kind of go around.
23:50 Okay, Cara, how are you doing? Honestly, I couldn't get back into the classroom. So I was just trying to remember my password and get online to get into notion but I just got in but even just everything you shared was super helpful because yeah like the other day I sat down to record a few and I like
24:17 tuned in to one of my past clients and I was like okay this is exactly what she needed to hear before she worked with me and then I like started to hit record and immediately like my mind started going through all these different strategies or like I'd say something and then I'd be like oh no you shouldn't
24:36 that might be too educational or but then I was like trying out to ramble for too long and all those things and then it kind of just totally pulled me out of the flow and like the joy for it.
24:50 So I like took a break and step back for a little bit before returning but I just appreciate like these steps and then yeah till like I'm gonna go through now on the notion document now that I have it and just kind of bullet points and ideas okay yeah that sounds good yeah it's way more important
25:16 to like share like how you like that joy of what you were feeling at that moment that you knew somebody need to hear at the pet in the past and creating a video from it than doing it right so I appreciate you sharing that.
25:27 And then last night I had like the light bulb for the creative kind of you know how like a few weeks ago I talked about taking like a Disney movie character and speaking to them.
25:41 But then I still was stuck around like the concept of if I'm if I'm talking about the subconscious all the time or like quantum healing and then if people don't know what it is and then and do I need to create content to explain it and then it just became very exhausting.
25:58 But then last night I was thinking like, truly like the simplest way that everyone would understand would be to just use the word hypnosis because that's like a majority of the process.
26:11 So now I'm really excited because I'm gonna do like, my kind of skits or like my creative theme is gonna be, Yeah, like pulling like Simba and then speaking about like the certain hypnosis that like would have helped him so that I can kind of like diagnose and show the transformation from it without
26:32 having to speak to people and like diagnose them kind of thing. Yeah, that's great. I love that idea. Yeah, I'm really excited.
26:42 So I feel like that creative piece is like finally clear for me too. That's awesome. I'm excited to see like a symbol on all your future content with that idea because I think it's really creative.
26:53 Thank you. It's our quest, how you doing? No, I'm good. I got a lot of information to go off of this one today.
27:06 So we originally started with YouTube and my partner and I, we were really silly, really goofy. But I straight away from that when I started on TikTok because people would kind of see it as like, you know, too silly that they really didn't take it seriously.
27:23 So I kind of became a little too straight-laced on TikTok just because it was shorter too, but introducing that because everybody in my industry is so straight-laced.
27:34 Everyone is, you know, we're dealing with emotionally charged situations. So everybody's just kind of tight, you know, straight-laced and a lot of breakup stuff though it is serious is also funny so introducing so I did that yesterday too.
27:49 I said something that you know I've been studying this for for you know took my whole life and I said I'm it took me 70 years to figure this stuff out and I said you know I'm older than you think I have everybody in the comments was like oh my god how are you so you're 70 and some of them knew that 
28:07 I was just joking yeah but it did you know it did make people people laugh I'm like Why did I get away from that?
28:12 Yeah. That's what I need to do more. And then, showing the creative side, there's a lot of things in TV and film that, you know, deal with breakups and things like that.
28:24 Like, I didn't watch Friends, but I mean, I already, I'm aware of, like, Ross or Rachel, a lot of them break.
28:31 Exactly. And doing movie breakdowns and TV episodes, break down to see how it relates to what I'm talking about, how, you know, they could understand, have a greater understanding based upon the characters.
28:44 And also in pop culture, this one where I was kind of having a little bit of difficulty with Taylor Swift is always dating somebody and breaking up with somebody.
28:53 Her music is always related to breakups, but I didn't want to be that gossip guy. Talks about pop culture and people come to me for that.
29:03 So how do you think I should be able to talk about it but still relay a message and educate people.
29:09 We were still talking about something kind of gossiping and you know, the kind of juicy without being or he only talks about gossip and that's the only thing I want to see from him.
29:20 Yeah, how would you before I give you any like guidance, how would you start that video or like what would be the overall or overarching points that you would be making so I know what direction to take it.
29:33 So I would say, well, let's say, I don't know, some Hollywood actor that's dating Taylor Swift that they break up.
29:42 And this is, and maybe he has a meltdown in the media, or he's an interview and he's, you know, in tears.
29:48 Like, this is what you can learn by not reacting like such and such after Taylor Swift broke up with him.
29:56 Oh, that's perfect. Because it's not like you're going to going through all the details of the actual drama of it or like the actual pop culture references.
30:04 It's like you're just showing the example and then walking through what you would normally do. So I wouldn't even change a thing.
30:08 I think that's perfect. Okay. Okay. Good. Because I wouldn't want to just do straight gossip. I would, you know, line it with what I talk about in my advice and things like that.
30:16 Yeah. No, I think that's great because it'll help with, I know Jay mentioned that you'll go viral for that in the comments because a lot of people are gonna be whenever you touch on something's going on in the news or something that a lot of people feel like emotionally attached to you, it's gonna help
30:30 obviously. But because you're not like coming out of from a gossip perspective but more just tying it to what you do, that's perfect.
30:37 Okay. Karen, how are you doing? Hi, sorry. I'm not entirely with it today. I got a new computer and it's kind of active and up here.
30:51 Oh no. That's some stuff going on. So I'm just going to kind of it back today and just kind of take it all in.
30:57 No problem, you're good. Thank you so much. Thanks. Jay, how are you? I'm good. I have a question. How do I feel like what I do in a D kind of thing?
31:13 If all I do is sit in front of computer and do myself. It's not interesting. Do you want to film that?
31:21 Or do you feel like you have to? Or is it because I give the example? I think people would want to know.
31:25 So it would, you know, like stories do that kind of convert them. At least to like behind the scenes like today when I boasted like just just like a picture of me going on a walk, but then that was the there was probably like the only time I left the house on my room.
31:42 I feel that so much. Okay. What's like the perspective that you're sharing on the day of the of the life?
31:49 So I feel like because my personal account has been converting them and a lot of like back them from Facebook, you know, Instagram before I started with you, they kind of see, they kind of won the lifestyle that I have.
32:12 So but they don't exactly know what I do and they think it's easy to get there but if I show them, it's not because a lot of my time is pen thinking, you know, so that I I don't want to show them like they think it's easy to get to where I am, but it took like 10 years, 15 years to, yeah, cause I get
32:33 a lot enquiries on, you know, I want to get in on what you do, what do you do kind of stuff from way back, but I feel like if I can post like what I actually do it might, but filter people from thinking that it's like it's easy.
32:48 Yeah, it allows to be kind of questions. I think it doesn't have to be like anything that you're showing doesn't have to be anything glamorous like you can literally show the reality of it because that's probably a like one thing that you need to show is like I literally send in front of the computer
33:08 so you could do like a time lapse of you working and then And like a screen, like you holding the phone, and like being on a call with somebody, like me and you, for example.
33:20 And then like you showing from the side, like the actual screen of what you're doing, like the different angles and perspectives, you showing yourself talking on the computer, and then like you sitting there eating in front of the computer, and then like you're going on a five in a walk.
33:33 I don't think it's like what you're showing. That's important. I feel like it's what you're saying that's important because that's gonna be like the real hook.
33:39 They're not like showing anything crazy. I think when you talk about how it's not what you think it looks like, I know you want my lifestyle, but I literally sit in front of the computer and I work really hard or like it took me all this time to get here.
33:52 And on this meeting, it took me like 10 years to learn how to do this thing in marketing and that's what I'm teaching today or whatever.
33:59 I feel like that's the more important point you're trying to make rather than making it look interesting because this whole point is all like it's not, right?
34:08 Right? Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. Does anybody have anything else that they want to chat through, get ideas or feedback on or share?
34:26 No. Okay. Yeah. So today was honestly just like a reminder because I know like at this point some people are either like behind on trainings or feeling stuck in their content like this is just a trend.
34:39 I've noticed with everyone or trying to stick through stick to something because they feel like it's right. But I wanted this to be like the reminder of the thing you come back to whenever you feel uninspired, unmotivated, stuck overwhelmed, lost.
34:54 Because I feel like a lot of people are in different steps of feeling that way. So with that, I'm excited to see any creative content you guys come up with.
35:03 If there's any like ideas that feel out of the box for you or like uncomfortable because you're not used to posting them.
35:09 And you want to like share it in the group and get people's ideas or feedback or support on it feel free to do that or if you don't know how to phrase something just ask.
35:17 And I'm looking forward to see you guys kind of share the amazing ideas you guys shared today. Thank you. Thank you.
35:27 Bye.
