00:00 Develop this training. So this is kind of part two to last week's training. So talking about, you know, spinning the narrative, spinning your headlines to fit whatever it is that you wanna talk about.
00:16 And we're gonna talk about buyer psychology today and kind of evaluate how each of those things that we talked about last week fits in together.
00:25 And this is, again, something that can be used in both your content and in sales encounters, dms, things like that.
00:34 We are again, going to focus more of an emphasis around your content but this is applicable to absolutely everything. So kind of part two of the song with your content trainings.
00:49 Let's go ahead and get into it. So there's four main types of buyers, and as we go through this, what I would like for you guys to do is put in the chat which type of buyer you think that you are after hearing this information.
01:10 So I've pulled data from my personal experiences and multiple sources to kind of break this down and give you guys as clear of a picture as I can as to what these different buyer types are.
01:22 Because one, you'll probably find that there's a specific type of buyer. It could be the kind that you are, it might also not be that you kind of jive with better.
01:32 Those are the personalities of the people that you really want in your offers, and it'll probably be different for everybody.
01:38 So really getting inside the head of the people that you are wanting to attract and sell to is going to be very powerfully for you.
01:46 Because understanding the foundation of why you do what you do, what is going to activate these specific types of clients will then help you be more strategic and intentional with the headlines and the things we talked about last week with the different content lenses and all of that.
02:01 So there's four main types of buyers we're going to talk about each of them. There are driver buyers, expressive buyers, amiable buyers, and analytical buyers.
02:14 So I myself identify as a driver buyer. So this is someone who's very goal oriented, quar, goal oriented, pretty decisive, uber competitive.
02:27 That's me. Hello. People that are drivers tend to be kind of impatient, controlling. They want information fast so they can make a decision and move on.
02:39 So this is the type of person that is really buying from a place of, I want this information and I want it.
02:46 Now, this is different than some of the other buyer types we're gonna talk about, where it's more of a center around the relationship and how it makes you feel.
02:55 Or even the roi. You're more so buying for information because you feel it's going to give you an edge. 
03:02 And that's me. So I'm very much like, if I don't know this thing, I'm gonna go read six books about it.
03:08 If I have a question about this, I'm gonna find a coach that can teach me all about it. That's an expert, because I want to collapse time, get what I want immediately.
03:16 And I've found that the best way to do that is by investing in education around whatever it's that I want to know.
03:23 So driver buyers generally speak in declarative sentences. They don't ask very many questions. They just ask kind of cut to the chase, important stuff.
03:33 Their volume is a little louder than average, and there tend to be more animated while communicating. Guilty. So this is your first buyer type.
03:45 And if you, I mean, you guys, I feel like get to know me relatively well through what I put out through working together.
03:54 So if you look at my content and you see traces of those elements and the personality in someone's content that you are trying to sell, and someone that comes to you applies.
04:05 You're looking at their social media, you know, what you're dealing with. So with Dr Driver buyers, there's a couple things that are really important to them.
04:14 This is a big list of things that I've pulled from different resources, but the key things are we want things that are efficient and to the point.
04:25 We want to know exactly how whatever it is that you're doing is going to solve our problems. And we want to know that it's going to give us a competitive edge.
04:36 Okay? So again, like a down here steer clear of personal opinions and testimonials. You know, if you're citing successful clients, I'm not super interested in like the story and all of that.
04:52 I wanna know what information they got that made them successful, that gave them that edge. How is this going to give me an edge?
05:00 So drive for buyers aren't great listeners. So you wanna keep things short and to the point. And so you see that a lot through my strategies and my content.
05:12 I very much tend to attract a lot of driver buyers as well. Because I want people that are to the point, they know what they want, I'm willing to just give them that information and let's go.
05:24 People that are wanting to dive in, I'm not super mushy lovey-dovey, that's not my vibe. So things to kind of just keep in mind, and we're gonna talk through this more in a little bit, but the easiest way to, again, to attract a driver, buyer is to explain to them how what you are going to teach
05:48 them or give them or offer them is going to give them a competitive edge. How is this going to help them stand out from their competitors?
05:56 How is this going to give them an edge in their life, their relationships, their career? That's what is really, really motivating to this type of buyer.
06:08 So the next type is analytical buyers. This is my husband to a t Okay? So very data driven facts, numbers, very no nonsense.
06:22 Not interested in like a flowery pitch. Like I, like, They just wanna know, where's the data, where's the roi? What are the numbers that support this?
06:33 Can I make a nerd chart in our about this to prove what you're saying to me? Right? That's really what they're looking for.
06:41 So how can you identify these people? Analytics? They're less expressive than other personality types. The word that comes to mind, and I mean this in the nice absolute way possible, is dry.
06:54 The way they communicate tends to be a little bit more dry, not as, it's still very to the point, but it's not as animated as like a driver, buyer.
07:04 They're a lot more, they tend to be more reserved and again, focus on the facts rather than emotion. 
07:12 So they're not super concerned in like getting to know you, your personal brand. They're very direct, very formal very like, what's, what's the numbers?
07:24 What are the figures behind this? There's kind of a general consensus in the sales world that analytical buyers are the most difficult type of buyer to sell.
07:39 I would argue that that's not the case. Like if you have data to back up what it is that you're selling, if you have case studies, if you have client results, examples, things like that but if you're someone that you know, you are in the fitness space, you're in the mindset space, you're selling
07:59 things that are a little bit more abstract and intangible, you are going to have a harder time selling these analytical buyers.
08:07 Unless you can present to them a clear return on investment or a clear numbers and data that supports whatever it is that you're showing to them.
08:17 You'll find that there will be less an analytical buyers that will come to you which is simply because of the way that you present your content.
08:28 Unless you're sitting there spewing packs and numbers, which I wouldn't recommend you doing because then you're alienating the other three buyer types.
08:37 You're not going to attract as many of these people. So if you're wanting to sell these, these types of buyers you cannot rush them.
08:48 <laugh>. You need to assume that they are prepared and have done their research. And if you're making big claims, they're automatically going to not trust you.
08:56 So unless you're able to provide data to whatever it is that you're saying it, it's going to be a lot harder for you to sell this person.
09:06 They also tend to be a little bit more suspicious. So if you're, I overhyping your product, if there's a lot of hype and like you really want to build up the luxury of this offer that you're selling, again, it's going to be harder to sell this buyer type, but I wouldn't recommend leaning into trying
09:23 to sell this buyer type because you're then once again alienating those other three types of buyers. 
09:29 So it's important to be aware of this buyer type. It's important to know that, you know, you can present solution based content and numbers and data to sell some of these people, but I would not recommend it.
09:41 I don't think it's a good strategy to go all in and decide that analytical buyers are the one type that you wanna target.
09:48 It, it's just going, you're not gonna get the reach that you want. It's going to be a lot slower going.
09:57 Next we have expressive buyers. Now I like to, in my, in my mind, I see these buyer types as kind of a spectrum.
10:06 Okay? So on this side you have analytical buyers. On this end, you have expressive buyers. So on this side, you only really care about the numbers.
10:16 And on this side, you really only care about the relationships, the experience, the feelings, the fluff. Okay? So in between that, then you've got your driver buyers on this side, and we're gonna talk more about amiable buyers on this side.
10:31 So that's kind of the spectrum that I see it going. So, analytical driver, amiable, expressive. So expressive is kind of the extreme on this end.
10:42 Analyticals are kind of the extreme on this end. So staying between kind of drivers and amiables is the way to generate the most sales.
10:52 You'll also pull in some expressive buyers. 
10:53 You'll also pull in some analytical buyers, but the bulk of your buyers are generally going to be those two central buyer types, especially with the formulas and the way that we teach, because you want more reach, you want more sales, it's easier to scale targeting that way.
11:10 So expressive buyers are really concerned with people's wellbeing. They want to know how decisions they might affect the people around them and can tend to be people pleasers.
11:20 That's something that we see a lot. Expressive buyers also have a powerful persona. They're very creative, outgoing, spontaneous. So these are the people.
11:30 When someone comes to me and says, I just cannot batch create content for the life of me, it just flows out of me randomly at random times.
11:38 I know I have an expressive buyer. Okay, <laugh> I know what I'm dealing with when I hear that. 
11:45 So again, how do identify them? They tend to be very enthusiastic, very colorful. They really want to bond with you, feel connected on a, a personal level.
11:55 And they tend to speak more in statements than questions. So they're they're very, again, focused on the relationship, very focused on the relationship of you and them, and then also how it will affect those around you.
12:10 So, you know, potentially if you're someone that is a mindset coach and you're really wanting to sell to expressive buyers, that's who you feel like you really connect with.
12:19 Talking not only about their own results, but how it will impact their family or the people in their workspace, that type of thing.
12:27 That external effect and talking about those outcomes is going to be very enticing to an expressive buyer. 
12:38 So again, how to sell them. Case studies are really good because they want to know that you're looking out for them.
12:45 This is, again, on the opposite spectrum in my mind, from the analytical buyer. It's not so much that they want you to prove yourself.
12:53 It's not coming from a place of like, show me the numbers. It's coming from a place of show me that you have this data put together so that I feel taken care of, so that I know that you care about me.
13:05 Is kind of more so where it's coming from. So you're wanting to prove your track record by showing the impact again, on other people's lives.
13:14 So emphasizing a relationship, talking about, you know, how your clients are always resigning with you. You just have rave reviews.
13:24 You just keep people coming back, coming back focusing more on the stories, the anecdotes rather than like facts and figures.
13:34 The data is still important to them, but they more so want that to, It's more so as proof to the fact that you care and the fact that there is this possibility for relationship there.
13:47 More so than like proof to me the roi, it's coming from a different place. 
13:58 With expressive buyers, specifically in a sales conversation, summarizing and building the yes ladder specifically with them is very important. So that might look like on a sales call.
14:12 So you've just told me that you're really struggling with your relationship with your mom, and you feel like that's affecting your performance at work.
14:20 Is that correct? Yes. Get the, Yes. Okay. So we can agree that if we solve this problem that you have between you and your mom, that it would probably positively affect your relationship with your coworkers.
14:33 Is that, is that, am I summarizing correctly? Get the Yes. So again, you can tell if somebody's an expressive buyer because they're really focused on, well, what are other people's results with this?
14:46 What are the relationships that you have with your clients? What does that look like? How 
14:51 Might this affect my friends, family, people in my business? You'll be able to tell that. And so you can, you'll see that it's really important with these specific type of buyers to really lean into building that yes, slaughter with them and helping them to kind of, in some ways feel like it's
15:11 their own idea. So the next buyer type is amiable buyers. So when we're looking at our spectrum, analytical driver, amiable than expressive, so they're more on the expressive side.
15:27 Now, Amiables are really value personal relationships. They want to trust their business partners. They want to really <laugh>, they're very creative.
15:43 They tend to be very like into creative solutions. So I tend to attract less of this type of buyer because I am very into like, this is the framework, this is the solution.
15:59 Whether you like me or not, this is an outcome that will work for you. 
16:04 So I tend to express a, a attract less of these types of buyers. So you can expect a longer sales process than usual because they're wanting to really build rapport.
16:17 Building rapport with this type of buyer is really, really important. They want to trust people that they do business with.
16:25 This is someone that kind of leans into, I would say the older methods and values around business where, you know, early, early two thousands up to now, the, the world of business really has leaned more into facts and figures and numbers and data.
16:45 Not that that wasn't as important before, but you know, even, and now we're, we're going down a rabbit hole, but, you know, to do a lot of statistics and estimations and thing with things with numbers and data was not even possible because we didn't even have the technology, the capability to do that
17:02 We didn't have computers and software that could run that. And so the way that people approached business was more so around trust and relationships, good old, you know, handshake agreement.
17:14 Very different than it is today with, you know, more so people leaning into the data, wanting to see the research, the results, et cetera.
17:24 So you will find that a lot of your amiable buyers tend to be from an older demographic. So if you are serving people that are really, I would say like mid fifties and above, if that's someone that you tend to attract a lot, most likely they're going to be amiable buyers.
17:46 Leaning into the relationship, the trust as opposed to necessarily the data, the numbers in my experience. So how can you identify them?
18:00 They tend to be really good listeners. They will tend to ask more personal questions cuz they want to know you outside of your business.
18:09 Again, to build that trust, build that rapport, that's what they're going for subconsciously. They'll tend to be really friendly, calm patient during meetings.
18:18 And they're generally pretty laid back and informal. So again, as we're looking at kind of this spectrum over here you've got analyticals who are extremely formal, very professional, very by the book.
18:31 And then way over here on this other side, you've got people that are more aimable expressive, that are more informal, more relationship driven, things of that nature.
18:41 So when it comes to selling an amiable buyer, buyer, you're selling the vision. You're helping them visualize the outcomes of success.
18:52 You're not wanting to get super caught up in the nitty gritty of like the specifics of how you get them there.
18:58 It's more so the vision of what's going to happen. And that will work if you have taken the time to build rapport with them.
19:05 If they trust you, if they feel safe in their relationship with you, then it will be easy to sell them in helping them visualize the outcomes because they trust you, they're buying into you.
19:19 Another similar to expressive buyers, bringing up examples of similar clients who have been successful kind of explaining the story of like, why did a specific client come to you?
19:31 What features of your offer were most important? Those types of things are going to be more convincing to them rather than data roi, things of that nature.
19:42 Now you'll notice and these are my <laugh>. So you'll notice that when you look at like our sales script framework or when you look at the different lenses, the reason that it is varied is because we do want to speak to all of these types of buyers, right?
20:05 We don't wanna limit you. 
20:06 Now, your personal experience, your personality and the way that you come through on social media, that's going to influence whether you like it or not.
20:17 What types of buyers are more attracted to you. But through exercising, you know, the different lenses, the sales framework you have the opportunity, even if you struggle to identify specifically what type of buyer someone is, you still have the opportunity to sell that person because you're hitting
20:35 on all of these points. So if you go through, for example, the sales framework, I know a lot of you have been doing some sales calls recently, starting in the beginning, you start with rapport, okay?
20:47 You build that relationship with them, which is ex important for amiable buyers. You then move into their current reality, both getting their feelings and emotions for expressive buyers, but also getting the data of what's going on right now for your analytical and driver buyers.
21:04 You're then looking to talk about results, outcomes. What is it that you're trying to get them to? So again, numbers for your analytical buyers.
21:14 How is it going to give them an edge? What are those outcomes for your driver buyers? And still leaning into the relationship, the examples for your expressive and amiable buyers.
21:24 Then you move into, you know, recapping, summarizing like we talked about with your expressive buyers. Then we move into handling objections, talking about roi, recapping what it is that's important to them, explaining how you produce that outcome in two different ways.
21:42 So that way you are hitting on all of these different important elements when you go into a sales call. So I think it's important for you to understand, and if you can identify them, then you can lean more into those pieces, those elements when you're on the call.
21:57 But just know that by following that framework, you are doing the necessary things to sell these different types of buyers, assuming that it is someone that wants to be sold, okay?
22:06 And that should be sold. So taking the role of an expert, again, is important with amiable buyers because they need that rapport, they need that trust.
22:19 Now, here's the last thing I'll say amiable pies. Once again, you guys have seen, I posted a video about it literally yesterday about why we don't offer guarantees, okay?
22:31 These are the people that want personal guarantees. They want you to help them be as risk as versus possible. They don't want to have to take a leap.
22:43 You want to promise them that you'll refund their purchase if they're not satisfied, satisfied. And so for that reason, once again, amiables are the type of buyer that I sell the least of simply because they are so risk adverse and because of the industry that I'm in, if I were to give them a guarantee
23:04 , there's absolutely nothing that I can actually guarantee that wouldn't be ethical. 
23:08 Because sure, I can guarantee that I'm gonna give you this information, I can guarantee that it's worked for other people.
23:16 I guarantee it's gonna work for you because I can't guarantee that you're gonna show up to the calls. I can't guarantee you're gonna consume the modules.
23:22 And so you're opening yourself up to liability with this type of buyer. If you have to push that hard and give them a guarantee, that is the type of person that's going to come into your offer and be constantly looking for problems.
23:36 Okay? If your template doesn't load fast enough, they're gonna be complaining, right? There's always gonna be a problem there. So again, if you can sell them based off of rapport, great, but this is the one type of buyer that if you can see this is an amiable buyer, I don't push past one or two objections
23:54 . I could close them, but I'm not gonna, okay, so that's my warning to you. 
24:01 So let's talk through understanding the impact of the content lenses, all in these different type of buyers. But before that drop in the chat you guys, what type of buyer do you think that you are?
24:16 What type of buyer that you think that you are? Pja driver. Yeah, I can see that with you. Same as me.
24:24 Kirsty. Yeah, Driver. I would agree. Analytical depends on what I buy <laugh>. So I have a very high percentage of driver buyers on this call.
24:40 And like I said in the very beginning, you tend to attract more of what you are because you tend to market in a way that would sell to you.
24:51 So you'll tend to attract more driver buyers. So having that understanding being able to identify, you know, who it is that you're dealing with when you are in the dms with someone or on a sales call with someone.
25:03 But then also keeping in mind that a lot of your buyers that you attract are going to be the buyer type that you are.
25:11 So you can really lean into that and leverage that in your content. If there's something that you know that you would need to know to close this sale, make content about that.
25:21 Okay? Leverage your own experience, like we talked about last week. Use those headlines from your own life. What are the things that would be important to you to know about someone in order to make that sale?
25:34 Those are the elements and headlines from your personal story that you want to pull out because that's what's going to affect that buyer type that you tend to attract.
25:44 So starting at problem aware content. So we talked about we've talked previously about how you'll want to market the same problems that people have, but at different levels and the lenses allow you to do that.
26:04 So with problem aware content, this challenges people's perception of reality. Now this is going to work in multiple different ways for different buyer types.
26:19 So for a driver buyer, they're going to be very attracted to this. This is something that would be more highly converting for a driver, buyer than per se an analytical buyer.
26:34 Because with a driver buyer, when you're giving them a light bulb moment as you do with problem awareness, you are essentially giving them information that they feel gives them an edge.
26:45 If it's something new they haven't heard before, it again goes back to that competitive nature. So this is going to be very, very highly converting for your driver buyer buyers.
26:55 It's also going to really call in your amiable buyers because in hearing something different in you, differentiating yourself, presenting yourself as an authority, it's going to call those people in.
27:06 Now, is this going to be as highly converting for those people? No. But it is going to attract those people in for you to nurture them.
27:15 So keep that in mind. Different pieces of content are going to be more attracting or nurturing for different types of buyers.
27:22 Now, now you create trust with the audience member by utilizing like an anti anecdote, personal connection, client experience, et cetera.
27:33 So when you are shifting that person's perception of reality, you are leveraging your expertise. You are positioning yourself as an authority, and ultimately what you're doing is building rapport with that person.
27:48 So regardless of what you're saying, you should connect to back to personal experience. So examples of this just with phrasing in your content, this is what we've found.
27:56 This is something that we've seen with our clients. When I implemented this, I had this result. 
28:01 Okay? So really, really honing in on that personal connection with your problem aware content is going to be super important.
28:09 Now, you're going to do that in your solution content, in your agitational content, but the phrasing is going to be slightly different, okay?
28:17 So this also tends to speak more to a foundational beginner level of client because you're making them aware of a problem.
28:25 They're not yet educated as to what that problem is. They're just aware of those symptoms, right? So with, when you're just creating educational content, you're basically just saying you have the flu, you have the flu, you have the flu, you have the flu, right?
28:39 When you create problem aware content, you're saying, Do you have a sore throat? Do you have a fever? Do you have a cough?
28:46 Then people are like, Oh my gosh, I think I have the flu, right? 
28:49 So that's the difference that we're trying to create there. If someone doesn't think that they have the flu, you keep telling them they have the flu, they're not aware enough, they're not at that level of consciousness, they're not at that level of education to understand and consume that information
29:06 . Three tips for how to get rid of the flu when I don't know that I have the flu is not going to help me, especially for these beginner level people.
29:14 I cannot stress this enough. Using industry jargon, explaining things to people in the way that you explain them in your offer is not going to be helpful for your marketing.
29:23 Because again, people are often not aware of their actual problem. They're only aware of the symptom that they're experiencing, right?
29:31 I know I have a cough, I have no, I have a sore throat. Throat, that's what I'm aware of. 
29:36 I don't know if it's the flu or covid or strep. I don't know what the root cause of that problem is.
29:42 I only know what the symptom is that I am going through, and that is problem aware content connecting with that symptom through the personal connection.
29:53 Okay? So that's going to challenge their perception of reality. It's going to create trust with that audience member. Okay? These aren't my own personal musings.
30:01 This is buyer psychology. This has been researched for years and years and years. This is what it does. These are the triggers that happen in people's brains.
30:09 Okay? 
30:12 Then agitation. Okay? So this is your intermediate level buyer. Now for me, this is my accelerate level, okay? So apply this to your own product suite, but by illuminating gaps in your client's knowledge and giving insights about what they might be missing, you are building rapport.
30:36 So this agitational content is actually really going to call in your analytical buyers and your expressive buyers, okay? Because generally illuminating gaps, mistakes speaks to the effects that it's having on their clients, the people around them, et cetera, et cetera.
30:54 And then of course, agitation where it's very cut and dry, you're doing this wrong. Here's the data to back that up.
31:00 That's going to call in your analyticals. So again, this, all of these content types build authority for you, but they kind of do that in different ways.
31:10 So this is really creating those light bulb moments, not so much in telling them this is your problem, but in saying these are the mistakes that you made.
31:20 Because generally people at an agitational level, they know they have a problem, they just don't know how to fix it, okay?
31:27 So they're at a higher awareness level than your beginner level problem aware people. They're really called in by that. They know they have a problem, they just don't know how to fix it, they don't know how to solve it.
31:37 There must be something wrong, they just don't know what it is. So they're at a higher awareness level. So by telling them what they're doing wrong, right?
31:45 That implies that they're already doing something right? So they're at a little bit higher level. Again, connecting this back to personal experience, if you want this to be as highly converting as possible, and to speak to those expressive and amiable buyers is going to be really important.
32:01 So everything that you're doing, the intention should be to illuminate gaps in people's knowledge, regardless of what level they're at, to build authority for yourself, set yourself apart, and then to build rapport with your audience.
32:14 That is the goal of all of these different lenses, but you'll do it in slightly different ways. Okay? Now, solution, these are going to be more geared towards your driver buyers and your analytical buyers, okay?
32:31 This is really, really, really targeted at them. Okay? This is how I was able to do this thing. Insert number of X result, okay?
32:41 This is how my client was able to go from this to this in six months, okay? Case study example, if you do this thing, you're six times more likely to have this outcome, okay?
32:52 Those are going to be very, very enticing to your analytical, your drivers. So these will also happen to be the higher level clients that you're speaking to.
33:04 These aren't people that just know their symptoms. They know what their problem is. They're probably not making any, like any massive mistakes because you know they're seeing a certain level of result.
33:16 These are the people that are looking to kind of go to the next level. These are the people that want to refine what they're doing.
33:25 These are the people that really want to see an roi, because at this level, if they're going to invest, it needs to be worth it.
33:31 These are not your super beginners that have no idea what you're, they're talk, what you're talking about, have no idea what they're talking about.
33:37 And so are just grasping in straws for help. Okay? This is someone that knows they have a problem, wants specifics as to how to solve that.
33:50 So that's why when we are connecting with and creating, so solution content, it's very, very centered around, this is a specific result that I had.
34:00 This is a specific result that a client had, right? And really driving home the numbers, the timeframe, all of that with your solution content, Okay?
34:12 So again, when in looking at your content plan, okay? At the same time as you are nurturing your new followers, you're also speaking to each of the different levels and buyer types in your audience.
34:27 So by just following this, right, just doing what we're telling you to do, you'll connect with all the different types of buyers, you'll connect with people at whatever level and be able to sell multiple different offers and you'll be able to nurture new followers that are just finding you.
34:44 Okay? So it'll <laugh> three birds, one stone, Okay? So with this, again, looking at the breakdown, I wanna make sure that there's a really clear correlation and understanding between the buyer psychology and what it is that you're actually implementing.
34:59 So in week one of the month, you're posting your problem aware content. So you have six subtopics for the month.
35:06 You're breaking down each of those subtopics into the three lenses, okay? 
35:12 So week one, you're going to post six different subtopics through the problem aware lens. You're gonna post all of your problem aware videos in one week, okay?
35:23 Might you post additional videos that happen to be a solution lens or something of that variety, Of course, okay? This is just the baseline for hitting all the buyer types, hitting all the buyer levels and nurturing your audience, okay?
35:39 Bringing in new people, nurturing them to sale. Okay? So then week two, same thing. All of your agitational videos for each of those different subtopics.
35:50 Week three, the solution videos. Now week four, there's three lenses, right? So week four is where you're really going to bring in your documentation content, your comment replies behind the scenes and personal branding content.
36:06 Now let's talk through why. Let's look at the buyer journey of an analytical buyer. Okay? An analytical buyer tends to be more so around the agitation level, okay?
36:21 Of course there can be analytical buyers that have no clue what talk, what you're talking about. You're making the problem where you're bringing them in, but more so they're going to be activated by agitational content.
36:32 So with an analytical buyer, you are creating a light bulb moment for them. You're highlighting the mistakes that they might be making and then you're giving them numbers.
36:42 Okay? Now, this final piece of your week and what you'll wanna make sure that is included, I generally leverage this in the form of comment replies and documentation content.
36:53 We wanna see, I was gonna sneeze. We wanna see numbers in connection to this. So if you're posting on your Instagram story and you're sharing testimonials, we wanna see numbers that back, those testimonials up additional context, right?
37:11 So that would be part of your dis your documentation content. Now looking at driver buyers, what's going to be important in this final week after you've brought them through your three part process with your different lenses is making sure that they're getting additional information that gives context
37:31 to what it is that you've been preaching. 
37:33 So those comment replies where people are telling you that you're wrong and you're stupid and ugly, right? We love those.
37:39 Those videos are going to be very converting in the end. When you bring them through this cycle for driver buyers, because they want to see more in depth, they want to see that it's going to give them a competitive edge that's going to be very big for them, okay?
37:56 Same with behind the scenes content. That's really highly converting to driver buyers because they want to feel like they kind of have the inside scoop right now with your amiable buyers, your personal branding.
38:12 So like, what do you like, what are you into? What are your beliefs? What are the things that you do day to day paired with behind the scene content?
38:22 Same with your expressive buyers is going to be very highly converting. 
38:26 So this is going to be that final piece potentially of rapport building that many of them need to take that step.
38:33 So to be clear, not every person in your audience is going to go through this four week process. They're probably going to watch you for one to two weeks and then buy, or maybe they'll watch one or two pieces of content and then buy, or maybe they'll watch you for six months because they're an amiable
38:51 buyer that is so hardcore, has to know everything about you before they can buy. Okay? That's of course going to happen.
38:59 But the bulk of your conversions, and we put out a poll, you guys probably saw, put out a poll in binding networks asking people how long it took them to buy, Okay?
39:11 After finding us, the highest percentage of people were between four weeks essentially. So one month and six months. 
39:20 The highest percentage of people. So what that tells me is that most people are coming through this formula. They're finding me by my problem aware content because those are the videos that tend to perform the highest.
39:34 Those reach out, those find more people. They bring in new people, okay? So people find me there. Then there's agitational content.
39:44 They, they're starting to consume my content. They're seeing, oh my gosh, I have this problem. I'm making those mistakes. They're self-diagnosing.
39:52 They're then consuming more. They're watching my stories, they're seeing what I'm doing, they're seeing client results. There's the solution content.
39:59 And then in the final week, because most people actually convert between one to three months, not one to six, but nonetheless within this, then they're watching behind the scenes.
40:11 They're seeing comment replies. They're seeing me go deeper into things. They're seeing me posting and living the life, documenting, living the life that I preach, okay?
40:19 If I'm talking about how you need to have freedom, like people better see me traveling and having freedom if that's what I'm selling, okay?
40:27 So most people again come through this kind of four week process. That's what we've seen with polling our clients and our membership people, is that generally between one to three months is when they buy.
40:39 So they either go through this cycle generally one to three times with watching your content, Okay? 
40:47 So in actually implementing this, something to look at, maybe shift your perspective a little bit. Many of you already have offer suites, but I think explaining it this way is really important.
40:59 Your offers should be solving the same problems, but at different levels. That's what's going to allow your marketing to be cohesive through that flow we just talked about without needing to try to sell multiple offers at once.
41:13 Okay? So regardless of what level you're at, our pillars are marketing and visibility, conversion and sales. They're delivery and systems.
41:28 Okay? So regardless of what level you're at, it might be marketing for beginners, getting your first client. It might be marketing for people in accelerate that are scaling beyond, you know, 10 K months up to 50,000.
41:40 They wanna make it consistent. It might be marketing for people that have multimillion dollar businesses and they want to bring in organic, okay?
41:49 So we're solving the same problem, but on different levels and that's what your offers should seek to do, okay? The other thing is that your flow of your offers, looking at your offer suite as a whole is really important rather than looking off to offer to offer.
42:05 Okay? So it's not just, oh, I have a membership. Oh, I have this group program, Oh, I have this other group program.
42:11 It's this is my offer suite. And it's not just stacked, it should also be circular, okay? Someone for your offer suite to be fully optimized, someone should be able to go from your highest ticket offer all the way back to your lowest ticket offer and for it to make sense, okay?
42:31 So someone can graduate inner circle and be making millions of dollars a year and still be benefiting from our membership because our product suite is fully opt optimized.
42:46 Where can we learn about week four content specifically? So one in the leveraging Instagram and Instagram stories training is going to be huge for that week.
42:59 It's definitely more challenging to create content for that on TikTok, but it's very easy to create that on Instagram stories.
43:06 So we lean more heavily into that. Week four content for TikTok, you'll be following the exact same formula with each of those different types of videos.
43:16 You'll just generally be doing like comment replies or answering questions that you got a lot of over that month. You'll be following that same format, but the really the largest edition will be your Instagram, your TikTok story strategy.
43:33 Good question. So again, having this flow of your offers, having each of these topics covered in all of your offers, but the problems at each level you're solving being different is what allows this to flow very seamlessly.
43:51 Okay? So I wanted to break down an example for you guys just so that it feels even more tangible. Okay?
44:04 So under, let's say you are a fitness and wellness coach, okay? Your 12 topics, okay, and I've got it sorted a little differently so that it makes sense, but bear with me.
44:21 So you've got number one body image, sustainable routines, integrated nutrition. I'm seriously making words up you guys. Nervous system regulation, workout routines, genetics, cardio, health mindset, fat loss, P C O S and hormones, mobility.
44:35 Do I know what all those words means? No. However, enough fitness coaches that I know, those are all real words.
44:41 Yes, I know what the words means separately, just not together, <laugh>. Okay? So you've got your 12 topics, one for every single month, okay?
44:52 Under each of these topics, so if we just break down the monthly topic, number one, if we just break down January, which is body image under January, we have six subtopics, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6.
45:06 Okay? And then under each of those subtopics, we have a problem aware video about that topic. We have an agitation video about that topic.
45:15 We have a solution video about that topic, okay? So then as we know, we're prepping all of this out. So for each of these subtopics, week one, you'll post the problem aware video from each of these.
45:29 Week two, you'll post the agitational video from each of these week three, the solution video from each of these. And then in week four, that's where if you have something that you just like need to get off to your jazz that you wanna talk about, do that in week four.
45:44 If you have something that you wanna speak to or questions that you were getting a lot of with your ticks that you posted throughout the weeks, do comment replies to those, make more videos going in depth about those.
45:56 Talk about things on your story. I think that you should be doing some documentation content on your story all month regardless, but especially during this week when you've brought people through this cycle and you want them to really trust you and feel like they're getting to know you, that is 
46:12 when you really hit it hard with that. So I wanted to show you guys that flow just to make sure that you had clarity as to what you're supposed to be posting and like actually how to plan that out.
46:23 So the way that I would go about planning, if you haven't already, plan your 12 monthly topics, figure out what your six top subtopics are for each of those.
46:33 And then I plan the specific lenses week to week. So I'll plan all the problem aware videos at the beginning of the week and then batch them for that week.
46:43 I'll film all the agitation videos, the next week solution, et cetera. So you'll have 12 months of content, you'll know what's coming up for you.
46:50 All you have to do is script them. And I like to do the scripting later. And again, not batch them out a year in advance because there will be other elements of things that you wanna talk about or add in, or a client result that just comes up, right?
47:04 So I recommend doing that like in the moment. But prep all the way down to your subtopics so you know exactly what you'll be talking about.
47:13 Just the, how you're talking about it can vary based off of your experiences, what's going on at that time, what the trends are on social media, et cetera.
47:23 Okay? So that is everything I wanted to cover as far as buyer types and the breakdown, 
47:29 Correlating that to the content plan. What questions do you guys have for me about any of this? None. I just explained it.
47:46 Oh, so well, okay. Alrighty. Well, if you guys think of questions, don't hesitate to DM me or put them in the group channel.
48:00 This replay will be up relatively soon, next couple days. I would recommend watching this replay go back through and look at the different buyer types and see if you can actually assign those to different clients that you've signed in the past or people that you've had in the dms.
48:19 See if you can find a tangible example of each of those so that you know, the deeper understanding you have of the people that you're trying to sell, the easier it's to sell them.
48:29 If you know exactly what's going on in their head, exactly what they need to hear, it's not that hard to just say that to 'em, right?
48:35 So that's what I would recommend doing and if you are uncertain about what buyer type you are, go back through and rewatch as well.
48:44 So with that being said, I will see you guys on Thursday for office hours, so bring all your questions. Awesome.
48:51 Okay guys. Bye.
