0:00:06 Hello, hello, hi everyone. Hi. Hi. Hi Jess. Hey, I'm gonna give it a couple minutes while people come in, but how are y'all doing?
0:00:23 Good. Good. Good. Yeah. He's speech classroom and they moved her to a hallway room that doesn't have a window. I'm like, I'll play with it.
0:00:52 Hey, Jess, do we have a meetup on Monday and I missed it? No, we're just doing Thursdays. Okay. Yeah, so you're good.
0:01:04 Okay, so I wanted to just throw if you haven't duplicated the notion into your space yet, the link to it so you can use the worksheet for today's training.
0:01:19 And so today we're talking about what makes people buy and of course that's different for every industry. People are looking for different things.
0:01:26 They want them. They have different desires and different things that they're looking for. So what the main goal of today is is basically me asking you a lot of questions and you reflecting and answering them on your own.
0:01:37 And as we go through it, if anything pops up, you have any struggle points, any difficulty. Of course we can talk through it.
0:01:43 And then in the notion I have examples of how to translate your answers to the questions into pieces of content because these are ways to reveal what people need to hear to buy from you and then you can use those answers to create videos.
0:02:03 So let me share my screen and we can get started. Okay, cool beans. All right so people need to hear certain things to make a purchasing decision in every industry.
0:02:20 If you don't know what makes people buy when they are shopping or come across you or have a certain problem, you're going to have a hard time converting viewers and DMs and people that come across your content into clients and customers.
0:02:38 This is how people get into the trap of just educating over and over again because they think providing much value, showing people how knowledgeable you are, giving them a things for free is the main way to make people buy.
0:02:51 I do bash educational content a lot because it's not great for conversion. It's like one small piece of one thing that you can do but it should not be the foundation of what you use to make people buy from you.
0:03:03 So what we're going to do is every question you're going to kind of take time to reflect. I might interrupt your thoughts while you guys are like writing in your own space and share with you my perspective of how I would answer from my own business while you guys answer for your own.
0:03:19 So the first question is what do your ideal clients care about, what do your viewers care about, what do your potential clients care about.
0:03:29 So while you guys are kind of thinking about this and writing down your thoughts, I know for my own space what people really care about when they come to me is generating sales.
0:03:41 Some people care about views because they want awareness and they want more leads and they want a bunch of people engaging with them so that way they can have market research and all these other things.
0:03:54 And I know the main thing that they care about is generating sales in their business. So think about for your own business, what is it that people care about?
0:04:02 It could be one thing, it could be many things, it could be healing from anxiety, having website that is ranked on Google, having systems and tools, so that way they work four hours a day instead of 14.
0:04:17 Each of you have different things that people are caring about and what they're looking for, so take a couple of minutes and drop down your initial thoughts.
0:05:27 So the example I put in the worksheet is I know ideal clients, when they come to me, they care about generating sales for their business.
0:05:35 So, if I was taking that answer and turning it into content, which I can go in a bunch of different directions, one would be, I've generated, I've generated $10,000 in sales in one day for my TikTok content.
0:05:46 That's how I would start that video. So, take a couple of seconds and think about the different ways that you can turn what people care about into concepts, using what we talk about with like the jazz media framework and all that good stuff, and then we can see if anybody is struggling at any point.
0:06:43 Does anybody want to bounce their answer or TikTok idea from this question? Off of me. I got it. Okay, take care.
0:06:57 So one of the questions I get asked so much is do you mentor people? And I do. But I find it takes up so much time.
0:07:10 So like so much time when it's one-on-one and until I start my program I'm not charging for it right now and people always want that for free so I thought about doing some content on yes I mentor but I don't want people to think that like I'm doing it all for free because I need to get away from that
0:07:38 . Okay let's let Let me derail from the question and kind of go more into this because this might be a separate issue.
0:07:45 Are you mentoring right now? You said for free until your program starts or you are? Why is that? Because I've had so many people, well, so for one thing, it's my heart, and I need to put some boundaries up number one.
0:08:03 But number two, I've had so many people come to me and say they've purchased the program from other people and they're not getting help and whatnot.
0:08:14 And I want to kind of warm them up to get to the point where when I'm starting my program that they'll pay subscriptions to get into my mentorship.
0:08:27 So I have a couple of different thoughts about this. So the first is like your your time deserves to be paid for.
0:08:35 And you clearly are feeling like a certain way about it. If when I asked a question about what people care about, this was your first thought, because it's probably stressing you out, right?
0:08:45 So it's hurting you in the sense that it's a burden on your time without you being properly compensated. And then it's also going to end up hurting your clients because you're doing a bunch of extra work and burning yourself out a little bit or stressing yourself out and not showing up in the same way
0:09:02 that you can. And the other third point is it's kind of doing a disservice to the people who are paying for your other things that you're selling.
0:09:11 And you're giving some things for free for people who are like have the balls to ask for it, you know?
0:09:16 Yeah, yeah. So I often see two people who are like expecting things for free might not even pay when you have something ready.
0:09:24 If they kind of had that expectation of like, oh like if I ask like maybe I'll get something for free and they'll finagle something, but they may not pay when you have your programs out or if you start charging for one-on-one and they're trying to get something, you know?
0:09:37 So I appreciate you bringing this up because I have a lot of clients who experience this and this normal and it's a normal feeling to be stressed about it and to want to care and give to people.
0:09:48 But I would recommend creating maybe like just a link for people to pay for like a one-hour call with you for now if you would want to do that and call it like a mentor session so that way you're being compensated you don't have like these tense relationships and then this expectation of hoping that
0:10:03 they're going to pay later and if they don't you know maybe was was that like a waste of time does that make sense yeah so I did that and I had a couple people click in but not pay yeah so I'm like that's awesome yeah so I would just if people are asking for free coaching you can just say this is the
0:10:23 link to pay for an hour with me like yeah I do coach but like this is how you get mentorship from me and that's it because you know, you deserve to be respected and paid for your time.
0:10:34 You know, you have a lot of knowledge. So yeah, if if you have the, want to do some content around that, right?
0:10:41 Like, the expectations of people and like, when you get something for free, you don't value it and like stuff like that.
0:10:49 I wanted to do some content around that. Yeah, so I would recommend creating some content around like how you've invested in yourself and the times that you've made investments in yourself and how it's furthered you and kept you accountable and how you showed up differently when you, you know, made 
0:11:04 those investments in those steps. Yeah, and then also I would create some constant around like the value of mentorship so that way people understand you know what it is that you do and why it's worth paying for even though it's kind of self-explanatory but just talking about how valuable mentorship is
0:11:22 is really important because yeah they can get Some answers by Googling, but they have the person in front of them to be able to give guided advice and all that good stuff, you know, okay.
0:11:32 Yeah, that's awesome. Cool. Awesome. Thank you. Yeah. Anybody else answer what do their ideal class care about and want to share or have struggles or want to translate into content.
0:11:46 I do. Hey, Tanisha. So I wrote down three different things, but I'll just talk about one of them because Jeff, you and I talked a little bit about the work situation and how I couldn't change my job.
0:12:00 So one of the things that people care about is not feeling so much stress at work when they can't control anything and they can't get another job.
0:12:10 So for my idea, I put, I've stopped feeling so stressed at work even though building morale is still low and I'm surrounded by complainers.
0:12:19 Communication is still last minute and the workload hasn't decreased. Yeah that's good. Yeah do you have any like areas you want to kind of hash out more because that sounds great.
0:12:32 I don't know I'm like working my way through the sheet hoping that something will come to me to keep hashing that.
0:12:39 Yeah. Can you repeat it one more time? Is that okay? Yeah. I've stopped feeling so stressed at work even though building morale is still low and I'm surrounded by complainers.
0:12:50 Communication is still last minute and the workload hasn't decreased. Yeah so I honestly would translate that into a video of like you don't need to leave your job to remove the stress of work.
0:13:01 Something along that and then you can talk about I still have the complainers at my job. Like I didn't just switch teams or leave the company like leave my school that I'm teaching at or working at, kind of start the video from something of the common misconception of people thinking they need to leave
0:13:17 their job to remove the stress. And then you talk about how all those factors are still at play, but the things that you've done within yourself or your own life that has changed.
0:13:27 Because I think a lot of people have seen stress the common narrative or the common concept of people just being stressed at their job and just finding another one.
0:13:34 So I feel like starting from that point and then sharing those different points might be good. Does that make sense?
0:13:39 Okay. Yeah. Shavani, did you speak up before? I did. Okay, so one of the things that I was thinking of, like what do people care about is just the knowingness that I'm doing an okay job as a parent.
0:14:00 I don't know how, I don't know what I would say in the first three seconds of a video that would make them feel better about being the type of parent they want to be.
0:14:11 I think just saying like this is your reminder that you're doing an okay job as a parent or just saying you're doing an okay job as a parent.
0:14:18 It's probably something they don't hear enough and even just saying that right at the start is good enough, you know.
0:14:25 Okay, but okay, I need to talk myself through this but I think that's a good starting place for me right now.
0:14:39 Okay, if anything else comes up just put in the chat and I'll look at it. Okay. All right, so let's move on to the next one.
0:14:46 So for your ideal client, what isn't working for them, and what are other people telling them to do that isn't working, if that's a different way that brings you the answer, but it could be things that they're trying, things that they've invested in before, things that they've seen from other people's
0:15:02 content, things that people just naturally assume to try. Like, if they're trying to lose weight, and they just do, I don't know, they just cut out carbs or whatever else.
0:15:13 What are the things that they're trying but isn't working? Hey, Jess, I have a question. Yeah, what's up? What if the, like in the previous life, what they care about and what I feel they actually care about are different, you know, points are different.
0:15:49 So like if they care about views, but they actually care about sales? Yeah, like they keep, maybe the city they keep caring about if they're gonna go viral, like they want to go viral.
0:16:01 Yeah, because thinking that it's going to, you know, bring them sales. Yeah. But you just basically address both points because it's two different levels of awareness.
0:16:14 Yeah, exactly. Yeah. So like some people have the awareness of thinking that views are the answer and going viral. The answer, like you said, and some people understand that sales are not attached to views.
0:16:25 So you can create the video from the lower level of awareness of if you want more sales It doesn't come with going viral or more views only for more sales and if you even have some like stats to back it out People love seeing that like I know like if I show okay this video got like 20,000 views and 
0:16:40 like made me like a hundred Dollars and this video Had like a thousand views and brought me three high-ticket leads for like potentially 20,000 dollars in sales that could even help Prove your point a little bit more because people who have that belief is really deeply ingrained.
0:16:56 And then you can create videos just for the people who understand the sales is detached. The example that I have in the worksheet is one for if you're like a web designer.
0:17:34 An example for what isn't working for them is trying website templates and they're clunky or generic or look like everybody else's.
0:17:42 And then you can translate that into a tick talk by saying the worst advice I've ever seen for online business owners trying to build an online presence is to use a website template for their first site.
0:17:52 The worst advice I've ever seen is a really good hook for calling something out because people are going to be like, well, there's worse it both than that and you're just going to get a bunch of comments of people who just like don't have the logic to be able to understand you're just trying to make
0:18:05 a point. So that's one way you can take whatever you're writing and kind of call out that it's not good advice.
0:18:16 So you can take a couple minutes and think of some content as you're writing that out and then I'll see who needs some further assistance.
0:18:51 Yes, I have another question. No problem with subject. Okay, so what a UGC site of the business, right? The one thing that I coach.
0:19:01 Like, they want to make 5-10 humans as a creator. That's what they want. But they want to become a UGC creator because they want the time freedom.
0:19:17 So do I still address the freedom of things? Yeah, so that's just like a variation of the desire or a reason why they want money.
0:19:31 So you can create videos around like hitting five to 10 came on's or around having time freedom. So that way you can attract people who think differently.
0:19:41 You can also even like show what their life could be like and be like, oh, this is like a day of if you were, you know, for people who want to see something like that and because I know like for the five to 10K, you would probably show social proof of like a screenshot of stripe and how much you made
0:19:57 or like a deal. But if you want to show like time freedom, you can go into like showing a little bit of what their life could be like if they create you just see and spending like a couple of hours doing this and then a couple of hours emailing brands and the rest of the day is up to you but yeah I 
0:20:11 would create essentially videos around both because people are attracted to different things even though at the end of the day it's pretty much the same you know yeah okay thanks all right so I'm going to start calling on people Jen how you learn how to use zoom.
0:20:44 I'm doing good. I am catching up on your videos. I'm just listening. I was answering an email. Come back to me.
0:20:56 And then I'm going to work on this right now. Come back. All right. Sounds good. Talk about how you done.
0:21:02 Hey, Jay, I'm doing good. So what isn't working for most people in my audience is when other coaches or other content creators tell them to just stop contacting your ex to get them back.
0:21:18 And the problem with that is if you just cease contact, you're not really, they're not telling them what to do with that time away from their partner.
0:21:26 It's just sit tight, wait for them to come back around, and that doesn't do anything. They just go to the gym, stay with their friends, and they're not dealing with the emotional aspects and the emotional struggles that come with the break up, they're not coming face-to-face with their limiting beliefs
0:21:43 about their broken heart, about the things that happened during their relationship that led up to the break up. So the reasons for the break up aren't addressed during no contact.
0:21:54 That they say, no contact, that's all you need to do. It does bring them back, but when their partner comes back, nothing has been addressed, as far as the real meeting potatoes of the relationship.
0:22:05 And then that causes them to leave again because they're dealing with the problems of the relationship and then dealing with the emotional problems of the breakup.
0:22:13 And their partner comes back and still sees them emotionally on the edge, like day one of the breakup and then they leave again.
0:22:21 And so a lot of people fail to address that. And I have been addressing that in the content over the last couple of weeks.
0:22:29 And I have seen a lot of leads and from that and people do come to me and say that you're talking about things no one else is talking about.
0:22:37 And that's why I reached out to you. So my problem with that is I don't want to, how often should I touch on that?
0:22:44 Is this something that I should just beat over people's heads for a while or just kind of intermittently do it once a week or does keep pounding and keep pounding?
0:22:53 Yeah, I feel like that's a core message that you should recurrently touch on. You don't have to like exhaust it.
0:23:01 There's no like science, honestly, because it depends, are you posting about it just on TikTok, on your stories, on bull, are the same people seeing your stories every day, because then you don't wanna post it on your stories often because your stories are the same viewers over and over whereas TikTok
0:23:17 are different people. It's like those factors come into play, but if you're wondering about TikTok specifically and you're creating once a day, you can touch on that a couple of times a week and that's totally fine.
0:23:29 I don't know if you feel like that's a lot, but it might sound like a lot to you, but if you just change the hook or change the wording or change the example, it's going to hit people differently.
0:23:41 So I wouldn't feel like you're repeating yourself too much if that's what you're worried about. Okay. Yeah, so one thing that came to my mind and you were explaining the situation is they're probably like checking their phone a lot, even if they blocked them to see if they contacted them another way
0:23:57 . So you can create a video like that's a different example, it's talking about the same thing, right? So, yeah, but good job on getting a bunch of leads recently, that's incredible.
0:24:08 Thanks. Okay, I know some people have their cameras off, so I want to make sure I don't leave them hang in Erica, Nicole or Maya, how are you guys doing?
0:24:18 If you are around and need some help, I'm around. I'd need a lot of help. Okay. What do you know, I'll have to jump off.
0:24:36 I have another meeting shortly, but no, I mean, I think is what's working? What isn't working for them in my industry is that they, they're just over, it's overwhelmed.
0:24:50 So, you know, just I'm trying to focus on that. And, you know, figuring out what are they overwhelmed with? How can I use that as a pain point?
0:25:02 It's been helpful to kind of script out video for me recently. I just need to find time to do it.
0:25:09 Yeah, so when it comes to depicting overwhelm, I know you have like a couple of minutes, but I would think about all the different ways that people can describe it is they're overwhelmed by how much content they have to make.
0:25:20 They're overwhelmed by just learning platforms in general. They're overwhelmed by how many platforms that there are that don't know which ones to start with right because I know you really focus on beginners.
0:25:31 They're overwhelmed by editing and posting every day on their own when they're busy. So like there's a bunch of different ways that you can narrate, describe, depict the overwhelm and they would describe it in different ways and every iteration of that description or that problem can be a video because
0:25:53 That's like the core of what you do and it's just explaining in a bunch of different ways to create like infinite content, you know.
0:26:00 Yeah, that's good. Cool. Thank you. Yeah. Okay. So let's go on to the next question. What do they want but think they can't have?
0:26:14 So because we're, I'm bouncing things off of you guys like Tarqués, they probably think they can't get their X back or that they can't get somebody that's going to stay around and.
0:26:25 Stay with them, right? They probably think that everybody leaves them, I don't know, common things, people think. Tanisha, they probably think that they can't have peace or, like, relaxation at their current job, and nothing is going to change unless they leave their job, but they can't.
0:26:45 Karen, they probably think that they can't make money from home online without being tech savvy. So each of the things that you guys have seen that people think they can't have because of some limiting belief, of some assumption, they think maybe something's further than it really is.
0:27:08 Like I know when people come to me they think like 10k months are unfathomable but when I talk about how I went from like 5 to 50k months in a couple of weeks they realize oh it's not about time like it's not as far as it seems.
0:27:20 So I'll just give you guys a couple of minutes Let's see, brained up. Jen, did you have a feeling share?
0:28:07 Yeah, okay. So to answer your last question and this one, right? So what isn't working with my audience is that they're showing up and they're not getting clients.
0:28:20 They're showing up consistently or they're not showing up as consistently because they're losing that like it's not working. It used to be a lot easier to convert and so they're struggling with that, right?
0:28:29 They're being told to create educational content versus converting content right and to be more strategic and tactical when it comes to sales and marketing versus like the old school like here's the funnel and that's it there's so much more that goes into that then what do they want but they can't
0:28:44 have I think people come to me they don't think it's attainable to reach the 10 20 thousand dollar months and when I like map out from a numbers perspective it's like oh that's all I had to do and it's it's a lot easier Yeah, so that's kind of where they are.
0:29:04 Yeah, like they don't, yeah, it's very black and blue thinking. Yeah, that makes sense. Do you have a clear idea of how to translate all of that into content for TikTok?
0:29:16 Yeah, okay. So let's start with like one area out of all the great things you mentioned, which one do you want to focus on?
0:29:26 Which one do you think is the most digestible? I think the 10 to 20 came on not being further than it seems, because everybody understands money.
0:29:36 So I think I like your thought about you when you draw it out and you tell people you need like three clients at 2k, I don't know if that's what you do, but yeah it's pretty much.
0:29:51 You can take that idea and turn it into you explaining that same thing in a TikTok with hypothetical and then link it to the fact that the only reason why I feel as far is because they don't, they're educating instead of doing converting content because that's probably the problem, right?
0:30:08 It's not that the 10-20k months take more effort, right? Because you said, I guess it's all related because you talked about showing up at the start.
0:30:16 Yeah. I thought that they're not showing up. It's not that they're not trying hard enough. So you can make a video where you actually draw it out if you want.
0:30:24 And you can say you need this many clients at this rate, this many clients at this rate with some estimates and saying, okay, so you see, it's not that many people that you need to bring in and you don't need to try harder.
0:30:34 It's just that you're showing up with educational content instead of converting content. Does that make sense? Yeah, totally. I think the example that I'm thinking of is that I got a few sales calls this week and it wasn't even them showing up because they were showing up and they're getting leads.
0:30:49 It's their pricing. It's too low. So basically, yeah, so that's, I'm like, okay, so we just raised the price and she was able to go from $1,500 to, based on the exact same amount of people that she's getting, the higher price point, $5,000.
0:31:09 Yeah. And she's like, oh, that seems more attainable. And I'm like, let's say you tell half of these clients your new price increase and they don't want anything to do with it.
0:31:21 Great what happens next and she's like well even if you lose half of them you're still going to be making three thousand dollars yeah so it felt more attainable so that's the thing I don't know how to like should I do it as like a story should I do like a screen behind with like the numbers you know
0:31:38 what I mean like that's where I can't see it how about doing both okay like why limit yourself I think a lot of times we think that one idea has to be turned into the right singular video to make sure that it's best for trade, but you can take all the different ways you can think of explaining it and
0:31:57 post one idea one day and a couple days later show it a different way of the green screen and it can be the same story doesn't you know it doesn't have to be especially what TikTok doesn't matter so I would do both so with her did she get the results yet did she you're already pitched to the right.
0:32:14 Oh, yeah. So then when that happens, and you have the before and after of her revenue for the month, you make another video.
0:32:19 My client went from this to this, this is what was missing. Whereas the other ones are gonna talk about the problem for our undercharging.
0:32:26 So when people comes to you and they're undercharging, is it as easy as you just telling them raise your prices or is there some coaching that needs to be done?
0:32:34 What did you say? There's always some coaching. Exactly. So what's the coaching piece? What do they need? Is it like mental support is it like it is mostly mental support like they don't think people are going to buy They feel guilty depending on what it is that they're offering.
0:32:49 They don't they don't see They're like is this valuable what I'm doing like the imposter syndrome kicks in all of that jazz.
0:32:57 Yeah, so Sorry guys, I miss a bunch of your chats. I'm just realizing but that makes sense. So if you talk about Changing your prices and stop under charging.
0:33:08 I would mention that a lot of it comes down to you having somebody there to support you because you're going to start feeling guilt, you're going to start feeling all these things because people might think, oh, okay, I watched this video, now I'm going to go change my prices to 1500, 5000.
0:33:22 And then they have all those feelings that you mentioned and then feel blocked and stuck and they feel guilty even pitching the new price point, right?
0:33:28 They need the support. So if you're going to create a video around that, I would also mention the piece of like having the support because when you stop under charging all this shit comes up and you need somebody there, you know, yeah, that makes sense.
0:33:45 Absolutely. No, totally. Thank you. Yeah. That's good. All right. So I'm catching up on the chat. I'm sorry. I missed the last like 20 minutes of chats.
0:33:53 Nicole, you said your ideal client cares about growing their business and making sales with confidence. It's minus the self-doubt that usually holds them back.
0:33:59 I know I have more specific, but is this sort of along the lines? Yes, that's perfect. At the end of the day, they pair by growing their business with confidence.
0:34:08 So that's the core, and then you can go into more detail and different iterations of that same idea, but that's the mean of potatoes.
0:34:18 So Jay, you said, what if the what they care about? Oh, you asked about that, okay, cool. All right, I think that's the one I missed.
0:34:28 So anybody else want to talk about what people think they can't but they want but think they can't have. So I know for the worksheet, the example that I have is that they, it's either like $50,000 months when they are ready or making hardly any profit.
0:34:59 So that's one that I talk about really on my stories. I do this a lot where I showed like literally a screenshot of my finances every months before I hit a 50k month and how it was really drastic and overnight so people can see like you don't have to like work every milestone and it's like this long
0:35:17 drawn out process. And then for the other example I said was people think they need to have a morning routine to be more productive and you can turn that into a TikTok by saying that morning routines are overrated bullshit that have become popular because people turn them into aesthetic videos but if
0:35:36 you want actually be productive, it's not going to be the 10-step regimen that you feel guilty, adhering to every morning, and then you can go into what's actually going to bring them what they want.
0:35:45 It's probably related to your offers. So, any questions around this? Before we go to the next question, cool. All right, so the next is, what are they sick of hearing or experiencing?
0:36:06 A lot of people, like, at the moment that they invest with somebody is because sometimes It's people who are like really are really good at anticipating future problems, but a lot of times as people who are sick of their own shit or sick of their current reality, right?
0:36:22 They've tried, they're just sick of feeling a certain way, sick of struggling with a certain thing. So, what are the ways, or what are the things that they're sick of and the different ways of manifesting?
0:36:35 So the example I gave was posting three times a day and being stuck at 200 views, right? That's not me talking about them not making any sales, it's a different way of me saying that you're not getting the visibility to convert.
0:36:51 Another thing they're probably sick of is not getting comments feeling like they're talking to a wall throwing content at the wall and seeing what sticks all different ways of saying the same thing.
0:37:02 So I'll give you guys a couple of minutes. So, some other examples of like not just things they're sick of experiencing, but things that they're sick of hearing in my space is like trending sounds and popping on trends on TikTok, sick of being told that they need to post three times per day.
0:38:29 So there's probably common narratives in your space whether like your business coach, which I have no therapist, like a stress coach, relationship coach, systems, automations, really, like all of that stuff.
0:38:41 There's probably common narratives that people just repeat because a lot of TikTok coaches, content coaches, their advice is to take what somebody else said in a TikTok or a piece of content and like use it as inspiration and like create the same thing because it's like a proven idea.
0:38:58 And so that's why you see the same narratives in every industry. That's why you see the same things over and over again because there's people that coach people on content and they'll just recommend to do whatever is trending.
0:39:11 So you probably have seen trending stuff in your niche and it's good to call it out because everybody's copying that idea and calling it out sets you apart from the trend and helps people see how you're different.
0:39:21 And especially if it's definitely recommending you just do something you actually don't agree with, it helps people get a different perspective and sees that you're not just somebody who's just saying whatever is trending to get views but you have an actual belief that's different that probably resonates
0:39:34 with what they actually want. So anybody have something that they want to share? Shavani. I think people are sick or maybe mostly women are just sick of hearing just get over it like a failed relationship or frustrations like toxic positivity, anything that lines up with that like just simply get over
0:40:02 it, but how do you get over it? Yeah, so I like that idea. I think tying it to the specific example of, if you hear, just get over it when it comes to X, Y and Z, sorry, X, Y and Z, so that would people understand.
0:40:24 But yeah, do you want to share more about, like, do you need help translating it into a video? Because more details help.
0:40:32 I think so yeah like yeah like in order for you to get over it you have to come to terms with it in in the form of acceptance and surrendering but like that I now realize doesn't make make much sense to people so acceptance is simply just accepting the situation for what it is.
0:40:53 You may not be a pleasant situation for you but somebody else made a choice and because it doesn't align with what you want, you're now feeling a particular way, but you have to look at it logically that way, and remove your emotions out of it as much as you possibly can.
0:41:13 And then just knowing that, okay, if I'm grieving with this death of a relationship or a person or a job or anything, death is a death.
0:41:27 You have to go through the grieving process and to understand that, I have to, I am going to go through this is not the end of the world and I'll be okay again.
0:41:37 Okay, so let's tie it to a specific example. So the one was like loss of a job you mentioned is that one?
0:41:46 Yeah, okay. So what I'm hearing you say is oftentimes women will experience a loss like a loss of a job and they'll be told to just get over it.
0:41:56 Why are they told that? Because people say what was the point of sitting over there and wallowing it in that so instead of telling them how to get over it we just say oh just get over it go get a new job yeah and so they're told to just get over it it's not given they're not given any actual guidance
0:42:21 on to how to actually get over it people are just saying to just fix the tangible thing so what is your advice that's different.
0:42:33 Okay this may take a while but looking at it logically okay I have lost my job yes I have to accept that I may not have the income that I'm either accustomed to or that I need in that moment but what other skills that do I have that I can use temporarily in the interim before I can get, find something
0:42:57 else. Okay, so how is that different than the advice of getting over it because I'm still hearing the logical answer rather than the emotional support answer, right?
0:43:10 Yeah, I don't know. I think I have to think more about it. I mean, it makes sense in my head, but I clearly can verbalize it.
0:43:18 No, it's okay. So I think even just creating content around like a, you're a woman who, every time you have feelings, people told you to just get over it, right?
0:43:28 And then think about what your advice would be and then tie it to that. Okay. Because I hear the problem and you did a good job pinpointing the problem.
0:43:38 I just want you to translate it to how you coach. Okay. Let me think about it. Okay. No problem. Tanisha, did you come off mute?
0:43:53 Yeah. Okay. So the thing that people are sick of hearing in my face is practice self-care or do something nice for yourself and it's so vague most of the time and what they think of as practicing self-care is going to get their nails on somebody literally just stood in my door two days ago and I opened
0:44:18 up TikTok yesterday and I see this man tapping all over himself saying, I'm overwhelmed with work. Everything stressing me out.
0:44:25 Like, what is that going to do? So, okay, you have these moments where you are doing the activities that are calming you down.
0:44:33 Great. That's helping your amygdala so that you can think straight, but now that you can think straight, then what? So, I focus on the then what and not the getting calm part of things.
0:44:46 I love the way that you share things because it's just so raw and real. I would just call that out and just feel like then what, you know, like that was perfect.
0:44:56 You said it perfectly. I have really no feedback. That was awesome. Okay. Yeah. Good job. Okay. Nicole, I see your hand reads.
0:45:08 Hello. Can you hear me? Yeah. Hey, sorry. It's very late. He saw me with my pajamas, but I'll promise I'll be on cover next week.
0:45:16 No, you're totally good. So I wanted to just like play out how I think about these problems. So for me, a lot of business owners that I have worked with, they're constantly being told to, similar to, I think Shavani said, you know, to just get over it like, okay, you feel imposterous in your own
0:45:39 world, just get over it all like, I watched the video today that said, 70 entrepreneurs are scared of failing world, that's just stupid, just get over it, And the way that I find that so ridiculous because the way that I like to coach clients is actually by supporting them through that block and actually
0:46:02 not dismissing the fact that they feel that fear of failure or that they experience in possessing dreams. So is it literally just me explaining that?
0:46:16 But I think I find it hard to translate that into content. Yeah, so you did a good job, honestly, of how you would, at a first run at it, put that into a video of saying, if you're going through Imposter Syndrome and people are telling you to just get over it and just have fake it until you make it 
0:46:35 or whatever, that's ridiculous because, so before I get to the next step, when you coach people through that block, Is it because, like, why is it more complicated than just getting over it?
0:46:49 What happens if they just dismiss it? Does it keep showing up? Are there, like, core beliefs that need to be addressed?
0:46:55 Like, what are they? Yeah. Yeah. So, like, I think where I've gotten caught up in the past is I've explained the high level of why it's happening.
0:47:05 So I'll say, like, oh, you know, it's a subconscious belief or like a program whatever that you've had since you were like seven years old and people didn't get that so I'm trying to like explain that it's not like a lot of people will just give the advice of get over and that's very service level advice
0:47:26 and we'll say like hey just journal on this and you'll be fine but actually like the imposter syndrome and the fees coming from a deeper place like and and so that's what I help my clients with in sessions is resolving that so that it doesn't keep coming up for them.
0:47:44 Does that make sense? Yeah, so that's perfect. You can say that you can't just fake it till you make it because there's like a core block that needs to be addressed and dismissing it just causes it to come up over and over again because you never actually addressed the block.
0:47:59 So what you need is guided support and I don't know custom hypnotherapy to like address whatever. I don't know if that's applied here.
0:48:10 But to actually rid of this block because getting over is only going to make it show up over and over again every time you dismiss it like something like that.
0:48:21 Yeah, that's how you can translate it and you can use your own verbiage and knowledge to add more. But that's like the core of the concept.
0:48:29 Does that make sense? Yeah, yeah, cool. I like hearing how you explain it simply because that's what I get tongue tied on because I can explain it in my language, like my coach language, but obviously that doesn't make sense to most people.
0:48:46 So I love how you just simplify that. Great. Thank you. Yeah, no problem. I know that's hard when it's so Like your knowledge is your knowledge and so it feels easy to you and simple So try to like one prompt is just thinking about translating into an eighth grade of Level.
0:49:05 Yeah, I don't know if that works. I know that's sometimes so hard because it's just your natural way of talking but Yeah, I'm getting better.
0:49:14 I'm getting better, but this is hopeful. Thank you. Yeah, no problem. I saw your journaling video So that one did pretty well, right?
0:49:21 Yeah, so that one, like of the last, I posted a couple of our last couple of days and that one did the best.
0:49:29 So I thought to send that one to you. Yeah. Just so I'd like to further pull apart why that one is doing better.
0:49:40 You know, it's not like amazing, but it's better than the others. So I wanted to like further understand why. Yeah, it makes sense.
0:49:46 Okay, cool. That sounds good. Yeah, cool. Thank you. Sure. Jay, I know you said that your sick of hearing people say I went from 2k to 60k followers in one month.
0:49:55 You want to talk a little bit more about that? I think I might have asked you this question on our first session.
0:50:06 But I think it, okay, so my theory is, anyway, guys, I'm not in the state, I'm in Singapore and the population of my country is like 6 million.
0:50:16 Okay, so I feel like we, for the people that I'm targeting in Singapore, my country, we can't get that growth that people in the States can get because you're like 300 plus million and TikTok pushes out your content based on your location.
0:50:31 So like by travel to Thailand, I'm going to get like Thai TikTok. You know, I wouldn't get Singapore or US, but for Singapore, we still get US content.
0:50:39 And so I feel like we can't get that growth or I might be wrong. And even our biggest influences here is like, I think nowhere close to whatever that you have in the US because of the population size.
0:50:53 Even my viral videos, if it does go viral, it would be to like our neighboring countries like Malaysia or Indonesia, Thailand.
0:51:01 That's it, they'll never hit US or like Europe or whichever places. So like we can't, like I can't have that testimonial.
0:51:09 I can't help my clients get that oh, I went for two K to 60 K followers in one money. It's never gonna happen as long as mine IP address is over here, you know, or whatever is that they track the algorithm But then we're competing with like us TikTok coaches Like how am I supposed to like get there?
0:51:29 Yeah, so I would literally say that and say like a fear and Singapore and you are You hear the or you could just say I'm sick of hearing people who say that they're going from two to 60K followers in one month because if you live in Singapore, that's near impossible.
0:51:44 And I know when we talked about this, you showed me examples of like the biggest celebrity in Singapore only having like 60,000 followers.
0:51:51 So I would just use that as the example and be like, look, this is like the biggest name we have here and they only have 60,000.
0:51:58 So if Joe Shmo and America is hitting 60,000 followers, it's because their population is different and also probably because TikTok is better adopted there.
0:52:06 So if you're investing with a TikTok tacos in America, and you're playing in a different league, it doesn't make sense because you can't get their results and they don't understand your demographic, right?
0:52:18 Yeah, I'm going to watch these recording and just take all of that. Thanks. You cracked me up. Okay, cool. So does anybody else have anything else before we move on to the next one?
0:52:37 Okay, Maya. I wasn't sure how to answer this, but I feel like maybe it's sick of putting out fires are feeling like you need to be reachable 24-7, getting asked simple questions from the team or an aspect of being professional.
0:52:48 Yeah I like the thought of feeling like you need to be reachable 24-7 as a business owner. So you can translate that to starting at that starting point.
0:53:00 Like whatever people are sick of hearing our experiencing, you can start your video from there because that's the awareness that they have.
0:53:06 That's the thing that's on their mind. So you start from that point, you capture their attention. So you can say if you feel like you need to be reachable 24-7 as a business owner.
0:53:16 What happens if you get burned out, you get sick, whatever, like you don't have to be, you know, it doesn't have to be this way, you can set up systems and automations and AI that can, you know, blah, blah, blah.
0:53:32 So taking all the things of them feeling like they're sick of either calling it out or starting from that starting point place and then helping them through the awareness of what their life could actually be like or what the truth is around that thing.
0:53:50 You can let me know if you have any follow-up questions in the chat from that. Okay, so we might run over time today, but I want to make sure I go through all these.
0:54:02 What do you feel like people need to hear to finally make a change, especially if you were in their boat at one point, what would you have needed to hear?
0:54:12 A lot of you coach in something that you've already experienced. I think that's almost everyone here. You've been through the thing and now you're helping other people get through the thing.
0:54:23 What did you need to hear back then? Like, what was the time that you finally made the change? What was the time that you finally invested with somebody to learn the thing?
0:54:33 Like, what was the thing that you needed to finally invest change, take a step? Maybe it was a multiple of things for multiple steps.
0:54:44 I don't know. If you weren't in that space, you can just think in general. I know, like for me, a lot of people think they need to be handcuffed to an agency to get sustainable TikTok results instead of just learning it and only spending a couple of hours a month when they learn it batch creating content
0:55:02 . So there might be something that people need to hear and I'll give you a couple of minutes. I just have a question.
0:55:59 What's up, Jack? Okay, so for the marketing consulting side of the business, I don't know what they need to hear, because it's not something that I've gotten through.
0:56:11 Like, I've never done paid ads to get clients or I've never spent on a marketing person. You know, I kind of just did it through my own business.
0:56:21 So I don't know what they need to hear to engage me because I've never been through it. You've been through something kind of similar and like being in this, like with me, right?
0:56:39 Yeah. What did you feel like you needed to hear from me to make an investment? That's pretty on spot, but.
0:56:48 What? Your income? No, but then I was just like I knew like this year how much I was planning to make and then I tried and I hit like maybe 50% Oh, no, I hit like maybe 40% I was like, it's December.
0:57:07 I need to do something you know get to you know for 60% for the shorter period of time. Yeah, that's exactly what your clients are probably experiencing.
0:57:17 They probably told themselves as UGC creators they've been making five to $10,000 per month right now. The business owners who are on socials are probably thinking, oh, we thought that we would have made this much in sales and we didn't buy now.
0:57:28 Like, it's the same kind of concepts translated to their situation. And so you realize that you needed to invest in somebody who knew just like how you know marketing strategy for your clients, invest in somebody who knew like how to get to that next level, right?
0:57:45 And that's something that you put on your stories because that's very like personal story-ish. And you can say, I know you've talked a little bit about it but about if you're not at the revenue that you want it to be, I wasn't either.
0:57:58 And so I took a step in myself, you know, and you can talk a little bit about that back story.
0:58:02 And so making the investment so that way you can fill the knowledge gap or get the marketing strategy to hit your revenue goals, blah, blah, blah.
0:58:10 Does that make sense? Yeah, okay, thank you. Yeah, Maya, I see your chat. I feel like I'm on the opposite.
0:58:18 My clients did a lot of ways. I have thought of you immediately when I said most people in this group have been in the same situation Would it still be along the same lines as working 24-7 and getting a break or space from their businesses and their business doesn't take a hit?
0:58:34 Yeah, you can even think about the opposite and be like I had kids and didn't even worry about my business because I had automations and systems in place Kind of think of like that opposite logic of what people would think is unfathomable that you've done that you never had to struggle with I never 
0:58:50 struggled with taking a week-long vacation for my business. You know what I mean? You think kind of take the opposite perspective in your scenario because that would probably drive them to make a change as well, realizing, oh, I thought everybody went through this.
0:59:06 I thought everybody was struggling with being reachable 24-7 and not being able to take a break, always fighting fires, getting asked questions from their team constantly, feeling like they have to be professional and you can use that reverse logic.
0:59:27 Tarkweas, do you have something? Yeah, so what they need to hear is usually what they don't want to hear because they are approaching, you know, in my situation, they're approaching it from what do I need to do to get them back, but what they really need to do is to really face a lot of the emotional
0:59:48 issues that have led to there and break up order or their divorce and that usually comes with limiting beliefs, lack of self-belief, lack of confidence, addressing their jealousy issues, addressing their anger issues, and many of them, myself included at that time, wasn't able to address that because
1:00:07 of fear, but once I did address those things, I didn't suffer the same outcomes. So making to come full circle.
1:00:17 No other coaches talking about that because it's a surface level stuff, but that's something that I had to address for myself.
1:00:25 But there's something that they definitely need to address, too. Yeah. Have you shared that in your content? Because I know we talked a little bit about some of those topics before, but, No.
1:00:37 Not on TikTok on YouTube I have, just because it's a longer, you know, a longer, longer form concept, but not on TikTok.
1:00:46 In TikTok, I kind of tend to just cram everything in that I can, and I really want to flesh out certain things, but just going off of last week's session here, you know, you talked about adding that.
1:00:58 Yeah. Just a slice of your personal experience into it. And for me personally, I feel like I have to dive into it totally instead of just, you know, giving them a slice.
1:01:06 Yes. Yeah, so you can add those bits to your other ideas, but how long are your videos normally? Like a minute?
1:01:16 A minute and a half. So there was like once a month, you don't have to follow that cadence, or maybe like once every couple of weeks, I'll create like a five minute video on TikTok.
1:01:29 And one of them was me telling my entire story, it was just the purpose on the Instagram of how I wasn't making money and I was struggling and I was investing and I was overworking myself and I told that entire story and it actually attracted like I don't know maybe like five to ten leads that day because
1:01:47 people were like oh finally somebody who understood and they liked that long story so because it's not a foundational thing that I teach all the time you can still take all of that and turn it into like a one longer video for anybody who wants to see that more personal side and is maybe a more like 
1:02:05 expressive buyer and wants to feel connected to you and all that good stuff, you know. Okay. Yeah. Thanks. Yeah. Oh yeah, Jay has an idea for you.
1:02:19 It's our quiz on the group chat. Does anybody have anything else around this? You guys have a question on your personal story.
1:02:42 Yeah. So have you shared that before? Was it your first time you're sharing that personal story in a five-minute video?
1:02:52 It was the first time me sharing everything in one video like that but I had talked about it a lot like how I went from no profit to this how I went from struggling to you know quitting my job and then I or like I throw it in a one line being like oh yeah and this converting content has allowed me to
1:03:10 like quit my night five and blah blah blah. So, that one video I'm referencing was probably the first time I created a really long video just about my entire business transformation over the last year.
1:03:26 But I had shared bits about it and especially more in depth on my Instagram stories. Yeah, Jen, I feel like I just had an epiphany.
1:03:43 I'd love to hear it. My mind is being blown right now. Okay, so and I know we've spoken behind the scenes, but Hey, so I'm launching a new program This year, I've you know, I've built a very successful business this year.
1:04:01 I had several products. I have the product suite at the little thing I know the secret to scaling is really creating a brand and then creating one-off and that's it and I knew this in the beginning and And I did it, and I grew that product to half a million, and then I got what someone was ADHD called
1:04:22 the shiny object syndrome, and I was like, oh, this person needs this, so I'm going to create this, and these people need that, so I'm going to create that.
1:04:32 And I created, you know, another product, and another product, another product, and then my signature offer slowly started to like, slowly get quieter and quieter and quieter.
1:04:42 So to make a long story short and it's something I've been marinating with for a few weeks now, it's like I I I didn't know how to put it in context because I felt like I was looking like an asshole and I was like oh my God, people are gonna think I'm a dumbass, but the truth is like this happened to
1:04:57 everyone so it's not about me being a dumbass like Every entrepreneur is ADHD like I know you're smiling because you can relate to this And so I'm like how do I put this in context like the number one thing that people tell you when you scale to 20 30 thousand is that you need one that you need several
1:05:13 products right based on product speed and that's not necessarily true you just need one product so you just need to stay in your f****** lane and do your damn thing and so i've shut down all of my programs this year including my signature mastermind which i haven't announced and i haven't announced 
1:05:31 because i've had that program for three years it's literally scaled my business to half a million and i'm shutting it down.
1:05:38 And I'm shitting down because it just doesn't, it doesn't work anymore. And I'm creating this new program, which is like an accelerator.
1:05:45 It literally is called the accelerator in three months. It's very like bam, bam, bam. And I've been dancing with the idea of creating a piece of content that showcases that.
1:05:56 I'm doing it like, oh, wow, I'm rethinking. Yeah, whatever your signature core prop just stay in your f****** lane. That's it.
1:06:04 That's all you got to do. So yeah, and so I'm trying to to figure out how do I want to say that in the most digestible way with also, I mean, I don't really care what anybody says.
1:06:17 Like, I've, you know, anybody that's done better than me will never disrespect me and anybody who's never gotten to my place will probably say all this hate, I don't know how to say this.
1:06:28 Yeah, I'm just looking for a way to say it. And I think that's the epiphany that I just had of like, that's what I need to be talking about because my program is literally just about creating that signature offer.
1:06:40 That's perfect. So create videos calling out people who think they need to have a full product suite. Call out the business coaches that tell you you need to refine your offers for forever and come out with like this low mid and high ticket offer.
1:06:56 Call out the people who are like waiting to start selling until they have multiple products. Call out like But everything that is wrong that you've done or seen, you can call out.
1:07:09 And then you can talk about, instead of just the problems, content around all the desires. If you want to, the way that I scaled my business to half a million was having one offer.
1:07:18 And a lot of people think you need to have multiple, but it's not. You have another video of, if you want to hit 10k months, it's not with a complicated business strategy.
1:07:25 You just need a signature offer and blah, blah, blah, blah. So think about all of those problems, call them, and I'll think about all the things that people want and how it's linked to your solution and tie it.
1:07:35 Does that make sense? Yeah, I do you think it's a good idea to do just because like my and obviously I know we're focusing on TikTok, which I'm going to get on.
1:07:52 But my Instagram page is definitely like blowing up right now because I had a few videos that have gotten viral.
1:07:58 Yeah, and I think I think I want to take advantage and continue to ride the way. So thinking of creating a video and being like, okay, so let me explain to you, I f***** up this year.
1:08:08 I'm like, why I lost all this money? And kind of just lay it out on the table and then be like, but guess what?
1:08:13 This is kind of where I'm going now and I don't want you to do the same mistake. So yeah, 100%.
1:08:20 And then all of those ideas I mentioned, you can make story sequences with the same idea because what I put in my TikToks, I use the same kind of concept on my Instagram stories.
1:08:31 I call the thing out. I say the thing that I wish I knew, or the desire that they really want.
1:08:36 I link it to my offers and then I do more of a hard sell, obviously. So use that same epiphany and use it in your stories, especially if you have all this traffic right now.
1:08:46 That's a perfect place for you to share the more personal background, the little bit more transparency, and all the things you just shared without needing to fit it in like a really engaging one minute TikTok, you know?
1:08:57 Yeah. Awesome. Thanks for sharing that. That's awesome if you need to be a part of. Yeah, thank you. Okay, so I know a lot of people are dropping so I'm just going to go over the last couple really fast.
1:09:12 Why do they assume what you provide isn't worth it? So I know this is really common in like the life coaching mindset space.
1:09:21 A lot of people don't see like the value right away or they don't understand why making an investment in that space is lucrative or beneficial or why we're leaving their stress as beneficial or why learning something they can Google as beneficial, right?
1:09:35 So think about all the ways that what people assume what you do isn't worth what you're charging, which it is, a promise it is, but you want to kind of think of from their perspective, it's probably just a lack of information on their end of why it's worth it.
1:09:50 And the last question is why do they need you. So why do they need you in general? Why do they need you specifically?
1:09:59 So the example I gave was, I have it up here. Let's say I was thinking about Maya when I wrote this like that, you are understand systems and artificial intelligence where a lot of other people just help as owners with just systems and not AI.
1:10:18 So you differentiate yourself that way or you understand and how to use systems so their business doesn't break, whereas business coaches help you get an influx of leads and clients and then leave you with the overwhelm, right?
1:10:32 So think about how you're different, why people need you in particular, why they need what you do and you can translate that to your content.
1:10:43 So I know we have like a few people on right now. Do you guys have any questions about these last two?
1:10:55 Jazz, I do. Yes. Is this the answer to this a little bit more personal? Like why why do they need you?
1:11:02 Yeah, so this is like when I talk about differentiators, like how you're different. So like I talk about how I use sales psychology and I take the sales process and I put it into your content where a lot of other people focus on trends, right?
1:11:15 Like how are you different? It could be the personal store you just shared with me. It could be a strategy that you teach.
1:11:21 It could be a skill set that you provide. So yeah a little bit more about how you're different. Okay, cool.
1:11:30 Thank you. Yeah. And I wanted to end today with just saying, I know we have not everyone on, but I know some people like our still stuck at 200 views are still struggling to create content.
1:11:45 I want to encourage you to take everything that we took from the training today and lift it from the page don't let it just sit in your notes and never create it because this is like where the great ideas come from right we're in this collective space we're bouncing ideas off of each other don't let
1:12:01 it die before you go to try to film it or don't don't give up before you try to film it or don't not try to film it all right so I encourage you to try to make as much of the ideas you came up with into pieces of content because I don't want you to let your guys to lose momentum or lose the energy
1:12:18 because they're I'm sure all amazing ideas and I believe in you and you guys are doing great even if you're not seeing leads yet even if you're still stuck at 200 views whatever your situation is it took me a long time I created content for years before I got to the point I'm at and everybody's journey's
1:12:34 different so you just got to keep going so I just wanted to leave out what do you guys today? Any last questions?
1:12:40 Nope thanks today was awesome actually well every every week is but getting the perspective of other people's issues and problems on here, I can actually take it and put in my own and and kind of mold it to my own.
1:12:57 So like very helpful today. Amazing, amazing. Jay, yeah, what's up? Jimmy? Oh, no, Jay. Okay, so for this, all these points, right, when you say start off the content, you mean these are the starting points and we still follow that free will right?
1:13:20 Yeah you can take these as starting points. Okay yeah one way I'm using it. This was awesome jazz thanks so much.
1:13:30 Thanks Jen thank you all I appreciate your extra time today and I'll talk to you soon. Bye. Bye.
